And so , although some companies will have amore limited impact because they 've been able to improve their environmental performance over the past 12 months , which is their whole idea of that program . 
Next year , if you think back to our Q 2 results , we did announce at that point that . 
That I can quantify it for you so that it 's about 30 million impact . 
Some of you may remember how we started our run in 2012 and how altium managed to deliver what could not have been imagined possible at that time . 
But we 're very much focused on PCB , very much focused on the mainstream of the market . 
So there is a plan that we will invest in to get to where we need to be 35 % is our baseline ; we wo n 't go below that , but there will be some level of fluctuation as we move forward . 
We 're also in the process of really investing in the future , and Aram mentioned some of that where we 're going to look at things that we need to do today to be able to get to 2025 , he mentioned some of those . 
We have started amajor SIM swap program already middle of this year ; we have now extended it to Sun customers because we know out of our data that there are more LTE devices than . 
And we will continue our efforts to push the envelope here and not only in the areas where we have built lte today , but to make sure that lte becomes available all over the place . 
We recently spud our first well on the acreage and we intend to perform extensive data gathering on the first four wells . 
And after the analysis of the data collected from those four wells , we 'll be further delineating our development program , but you can expect it to be a little widespread initially before we go into full - phase development . 
But that does n 't break the trend over the rest of the year , which is a trend to deleverage in terms of net debtto - ebitda ratios . 
This is good old cable tactics and as you move to the right on this page you can see that strong customer intake is not diluting home arpu we . 
So now let me come back to cable for aminute big picture and strategically beginning on slide 11 there is a lot on this page , but the message should be pretty clear . 
And we have been so every day as we were turning the business around both operationally and financially , and while we were building those 4 G and cable fiber networks we had our eye on the cash flows . 
What I like about it now was that unlike what our growth was three four years ago . 
We 're comfortable with that , and if you look at the overall leverage of the company , we 're still less than two times the leverage towards our capital , so while it will have an impact we do n 't think it will be a significant impact . 
Continue to focus on credit in 2000 and 17 as we believe these types of assets will deliver more stable returns over current economic industry environments . 
This brings our development program count in strategic markets to a total of five , up from three last quarter . 
The trends of longer blades , taller towers , technology advancements and maturing of the industrial supply chains to drive down LCOE continues . 
We believe that decarbonization of our electric sector and strong economics will provide ongoing growth opportunities for wind energy and for TPI for many years to come . 
Our capex in the fourth quarter was less than anticipated due to the timing of purchases and certain other work moving into 2018 , and as a result our capex guidance for 2018 will be adjusted accordingly . 
And then , in order to help drive Lcoe down , our model has been per the agreements to share a large portion , typically of those savings with our customer . 
Is this something - is this the dynamic as we try and model out through '19 and pass them in does this have legs or is 35 kind of a sort of new number that we should think about as being sort of steady state ? 
We expect these new lines as well as the transitions and additional startups will position us nicely for strong growth in 2 oh 19 and we are still confident in our revenue target . 
And we expect the growth of these markets will continue to drive the outsourcing trend we 've seen over the last 10 years . 
In a recent Irena report , they stated that turning to renewables for new power generation is not simply an environmentally - conscious decision , it is now overwhelmingly a smart economic one . 
We completed our secondary public offering of 5 . 1 million shares in May , which has helped to improve liquidity of our shares in the public marketplace and expand our investor base . 
Utilities are applying it to grow their businesses and to meet aggressive co 2 emission reduction goals . 
Owns more wind capacity than any other us regulated utility , and by the time its Wind 11 project is build out in 2020 it will generate enough wind power to cover 90 % of its load . 
Before I turn the call back to Steve , Id also like to highlight our disclosure in the ten - k . 
Although 6 oh 6 does not have a cash impact nor an effect on the underlying economics of the company 's customer contracts , applying the new revenue recognition accounting to contracts in startup and transition . 
Such risks and other factors are described in our form 10 - K and other periodic reports as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
And in fact we are in active negotiations for a number of lines with the expectation of closing them in the next one to two months . 
Will likely result in higher reported earnings in 2018 than under the previous guidance as revenue is shifted to the initial years of startup and transition activities of a contract . 
I want to thank the TPI associates for their dedicated effort , our customers for placing their trust in us and our shareholders for your continued support . 
And price the product accordingly , but we are actually leaning in , we are still leaning in kind of in the same way to help drive down Lcoe and pass on a good chunk of the savings to our customers . 
In connection with our initial public offering , we will incur a number of ipo - related expenses or special charges , primarily in the second and third quarter . 
OK , so would it be fair to say that Q 4 would be the heaviest ? 
The annual Same - store decline was driven by an average occupancy reduction of 50 basis points , the beat to our guidance related to signing leases earlier in the quarter than budgeted . 
The portfolio and core ffo so ultimately the handful of decisions we made to let tenants roll out and then opportunistically either . 
The long run average has been 70 % across the portfolio and in some years you 're a little bit below that and some years you 're a little bit above that and . 
It 's - kilometre when you combine the two , it 's a good growth story , and on that point too we are very pleased with the performance of this business on an operating profitability standpoint . 
We 're also pleased with the performance of Class Our Mattress cover operation with a solid sales and profit contribution for the third quarter . 
We will also make references to adjusted operating income and adjusted operating loss , which are not measures in accordance with GAAP for a reconciliation of adjusted operating income and loss to operating income and loss . 
And to then to do it where you 're also having to bring into the workforce over thousand workers and train them in railcar manufacturing . 
In the last year or two , and so if you take those two sort of things that probably gives you a good view of what 's going on in the industry , some of the companies are pulling back some of the companies are slowing down , but a lot of that gap is being filled by some of these credit unions . 
That - minus those two factors would probably give them a significant pick up , the other thing would be the extent they 're doing more prime , and they sort of have maybe a stronger target to go after later , then their other recoveries might be improved as well . 
Where would the average age of the portfolio be 12 months from now relative to sort of the 19 months , it currently is Im just trying to get a sense for the impact of ? 
Not the best thing in the world , it 's not 30 % , but there 's certainly a significant possibility given what 's going on that they could go lower before they go up ; it is a little novel that they 've slowed down for the moment . 
One might think that what would influence that number for GM would be that they probably have more prime , and so the cars are newer but not so new that you 're having a sort of a drive off problem . 
Projects that we have in the Tkh group are doing quite well in the execution and that has now also translated into a very positive result of the organic growth . 
The fact that we have high and increasing order intake with the top five tire manufacturers also means that as we get more market share with them , we end up in more locations where they have the facilities and . 
There are two or three elements in there , and the important one is the location of where results are being made ; there is always a little bit of distribution where results are actually coming to bottom line . 
For Aeroplan before we come back to the overall strategy around coalitions and contract renewals , Let Me Touch briefly on slide 17 to cover performance in international coalitions in the quarter . 
And it 's worth remembering that the vast majority of our 5 million members are not frequent flyers , Aeroplan currently helps them to choose Air Canada for their travel goals . 
Comment on their reaction , but I think everybody would focus on the same thing there 's three years left to run . 
This and some that Ive said already , but the reason I have confidence in our alternatives is , we have five million highly engaged members . 
For those of you accessing the presentation which can be downloaded on the website , these can be found on page 3 of the Q 1 highlights presentation . 
We 're reconfirming our 2000 and 17 guidance and simplification of the business and operational discipline will continue to drive results . 
So there 's no reason for members to do anything other than continue to engage in the program over the next three years and as we 've said . 
We will continue to work with the Commonwealth , PREPA and other creditors to protect our interest and the interest of our stakeholders in making sure the rule of law is followed . 
I would like to direct you to slide 26 and the financial highlights deck for a description of the pro forma statutory basis financial effect of the merger . 
Now I would like to turn the call over to David Grande to discuss our third quarter 2017 financial performance and provide insured portfolio highlights . 
A full description of the limitations and using non - gaap financial measures and the adjustments made to derive our non - gaap operating income and adjusted book value is included in the earnings release . 
Knowing how it would impact what the DFS would allow you to do , or is it just pricing with this other counterparty , Andrew ? 
For the full year we are on track to generate positive adjusted Ebitda at the high end of our guidance range . 
Something which is increasingly sought by our customers physician RCM is therefore strategically very important to us as we think about tying together . 
The second update on the commercial front is the expansion of our portfolio of modular solutions , while we have a large number of modular customers we have historically not proactively marketed our core RCM modular capabilities . 
We expect to conclude deployment activities at the Indiana and Florida ABMS by early 2018 , the . 
In the second quarter we selected a couple of vendors whose technology we will leverage to enable this front - end transformation we have three pilots underway and expect results from these pilots by the end of the year . 
With this backdrop we methodically selected five modules focused around key RCM performance outcomes where we are in a strong position to drive meaningful value for our customers . 
Across that phase - 1 footprint , a number of those vendors are modular service providers today , and so on two dimensions coming out of that work , one is just our competitive value prop and to Gary 's comments . 
It is not uncommon to see as many as 5 - 6 hiring agencies , for example at a given health system , each functioning in different departments with little or no coordination . 
Control of physician RCM workflow will allow us to integrate processes across the front - end and coding and billing functions as well as developing an analytics layer to support Macra and ACL analytics . 
We are on track to turn positive from an adjusted Ebitda standpoint as well as free cash flow standpoint in the second half of the year . 
On slide 9 , we 've laid out the investment portfolio composition for the quarter . 
Despite the overall portfolio growing by approximately 30 % during the quarter , we were disciplined in adding hedges as we increased our exposure to agency mortgages to maintain the duration gap . 
The bridge securitization was used to help fund a speciality finance company acquiring a large us credit card portfolio that was being sold by European Bank . 
As we look forward , we believe Mitt is well positioned to take advantage of a wide range of agency and credit market opportunities at favorable returns . 
This was slightly offset by a decline in the value of our agency RMBS and associated hedges as spreads on shorter duration hybrid arms . 
And as we 've noted on March 14 , we experienced a significant decline in revenue as a result of delays in engine supply from certain vendors . 
And that future events and results may vary substantially from what the company currently foresees discussion of the various factors that may affect future results is contained in the company 's annual report on Form 10 - K . 
This is a randomized 2 - way crossover study in healthy subjects , which is a streamlined version of the pilot study and is being run at the same site as the pilot study . 
We met with the FDA in August to review the pilot study data and discuss our next steps . 
The meeting was very productive and we were pleased with the high level of engagement and diligence of the FDA staff . 
And during the course of the year we were pleased to have perceptive advisors and Broadfin Capital join Essex Woodlands as major investors in the company . 
We expect the first treatment period to be completed in December and the second period in February of 2018 , with top line data analyzed and available in the second calendar quarter . 
And they continue to work tirelessly and safely to maintain our grid stability , and for that we thank you turning to slide 5 , I will discuss the latest developments on our Texas rate case filing in more detail . 
Is there a thought to going back to issuing 17 guidance or annual guidance ? 
The sale of our ownership interest in four corners on July 6 not only allows us to become a cleaner utility , but will limit our financial obligations relating to potential environmental regulations , which of course benefits all stakeholders . 
With respect to our Texas rate case on July 21 , 2016 , we filed an unopposed settlement with the Public Utility Commission of Texas after continuing to work with all intervenors in the case . 
As a result of this sale we will be able to reduce by PS1 billion the carbon dioxide from the company 's annual emissions . 
Another highlight that Id like to mention is the construction of Montana Unit 4 , it remains on schedule . 
We anticipate that a proposed order will be considered by the PUCT on Thursday , August 18 once approved : We will record the effects of the settlement for financial reporting purposes . 
This means the effective date for new rates could be as early as the third quarter of 2017 , even if the schedule for the rate case were to be extended . 
Year - over - year earnings will be positively impacted by the rate increases in Texas and New Mexico that we discussed on slide 13 as well as continued customer growth at . 
But it 's strange that you 're using Texas rates as of 1 / 12 , yet you 're still experiencing all this lag , Im just a little confused by that . 
What meets the FERC definition of maintenance and then everything else goes into other except for fuel . 
Our plan is to be fully up and running in these premises by very early 2000 and 19 , and we expect cash payback on the investment in about five years from then . 
Martin Ferron , chairman and CEO , will then provide his comments on our outlook and strategy . 
First of all , it was great to see the revenue accelerate the way it did , but I was a bit puzzled that the Ebitdamargins compressed on a 30 % increase on the top line I mean the business has always been . 
Following my remarks , John will be sharing some data we presented at ASCO , the American Society for Clinical Oncology meeting . 
Additional information that we look to gain at this stage is the understanding of how our drug works in humans this information will include the pharmacokinetics of com 7 oh 1 in humans . 
This event resulted in our need to reschedule the filing of our IND , which was originally planned for Q 4 of this year . 
And again please let me mention that Swiss life will be hosting an investors day next year on the 29 of November in order to discuss our new strategic program . 
By us moving away from traditional products more into unit - linked products and we are also driving this , so we actually we are acting on all the three levers . 
And so from this perspective I am actually pretty confident that we will reach with Finma an agreement on the new models . 
For a reconciliation of such measures to the comparable Gaapmeasures and a discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward 's looking statements . 
Please see the section titled Forward - looking statements and non - gaapmeasures of our earnings Press release , which can be found on our website . 
On a gaap basis , including amounts categorized as realized investment gains or losses , and results from divested businesses . 
Reflecting a 4 % increase in our variable annuity , average separate account values and the ongoing benefit from the annual assumption updates last quarter . 
Driven by the increased attractiveness of us dollar products in the current environment as well as the introduction of a us dollar whole life product with nursing care benefits last quarter . 
We believe some of this lift is sustainable , but we are n 't expecting to maintain that full increase in Roa going forward . 
Distribution strategy in the IA channel , which will become even more important and amore important distinguishing factor as we go forward so . 
Yes , Tom , it 's mark Ive been saying I guess over a couple of calls now that we anticipate that at some point we would no longer be designated as a SIFI and that there are several ways to get there . 
We do expect future fee levels to be impacted over time by our product diversification strategy and by the aging of our business slide six presents our annuity sales . 
As a consequence , the vast majority of sales in Japan were us dollar - denominated sales outside of Japan were consistent with last year as growth in Brazil was offset by modest declines in other markets . 
Keep in mind that we run with a very high measure of financial discipline , including economics , gaap accounting , and statutory accounting , and we 've often said that we can meet higher standards that 's not a problem for us . 
Moving to our business results and starting on slide 5 , Ill discuss the comparative results excluding the market - driven and discrete items that I mentioned earlier . 
Turning to slide : 15 international insurance sales on a constant basis . 
That this is a business that has had 14 consecutive years of positive net flows from institutional clients . 
Constrained in amajor way by the designation , but would losing the sifi label affect your approach to capital or just your overall business strategy . 
We observed strong margins in the quarter as our GAAP operating margin . 
Both properties continue to benefit from the on rev - in new revenue management and operational strategies that we put in place when we took over across the last six to nine months . 
This said , With the many sale transactions we anticipate across the next six to twelve months , we also expect to distribute special dividends and use additional proceeds to reduce leverage . 
Our updated guidance also incorporates all of the transactional activity completed to date , as well as the anticipated closing of the two suburban Boston assets . 
The sale of these three suburban hotels reflect a continuation of our capital recycling strategy as well as the strong interest from foreign capital and local real estate investors in stabilized select service assets in the best suburban markets . 
Better occupancy , the pope 's visit was really two days , and Philadelphia had effectively shut down the city , so it made it very difficult and we had a lot of room cancellations across the city . 
Moving on to the segment analysis on slide 7 , you see that consumer packaging sales were up 2 % due most notably to acquisitions . 
In the first half of 2017 , the use of working capital has been slightly lower than last year , but there are many moving pieces within those numbers . 
In the second quarter our industrial businesses had their best results in nearly three years , which helped - 9 Im sorry our industrial businesses had their best results in nearly three years , which helped offset weaker results in other areas of the company . 
And the number of skus you can simplify the business a good bit and not really have a significant impact on your urb demand . 
So is it fair to say that the earnings contribution is also 75 % because it sounds from Barry 's comments like it might be a little more profitable . 
The differences between GAAP and base earnings are summarized on this slide . 
And SPS is a key part of driving productivity for us and those businesses that really embrace it and drive it ; you can see the consistent results in that part of . 
As You - Minus As The Market Figures Out : How To Get More Occ Back From The Homes . 
Furthermore , today 's presentation includes the use of non - GAAP financial measures , which management believes provides useful information to investors about the company 's financial condition and results of operation . 
When you aggregate it all , we 're doing quite well , but specifically in manufacturing productivity - in the plants that have sps , we just have stellar results that have fully implemented it . 
Because we collect approximately twice the amount of recovered paper we consume through our recycling operations , we have a partial hedge against rising OCC prices . 
First half of this year there were 24 and Jack mentioned earlier that we have been awarded a number of these projects so we 're going to see that start to roll . 
And in the appendix of today 's presentation and now Id like to turn the call over to our ceO Alan McKim Alan thanks Michael . 
For the closed loop we continue to target doubling the volume of direct lubricants sold from that of 2017 we remain confident about the compelling value proposition for our direct lubricant offering . 
Good morning everyone thank you for joining us starting on slide 3 We delivered another strong quarter that exceeded our guidance , with both reporting segments contributing favorably to our performance . 
Parts washer revenues were flat despite a slightly lower number of actual services performed in the quarter , while waste oil collection volumes dropped more than 60 million gallons up from a year ago . 
And we are focusing on margins versus volumes at this time , with the upcoming changes expected as a result of the IMO 2020 regulations . 
And we continue to have steady success , we have now surpassed 25000 unique direct customers as of September . 
The team achieved this while maintaining a zero pay average per gallon . 
Turning to our capital allocation strategy on slide 7 as Mike will touch on , we expect a good cash flow performance this year and will evaluate the best ways to deploy that capital . 
Let me close with our outlook we entered the final quarter of 2018 with momentum supported by array of favorable market trends and internal initiatives that should bode well for us in 2019 and beyond . 
That 's all predicated on the market , it 's hard for me to predict that right now , as we look at Q 4 , we 're not anticipating it going up or down in our current guidance , but obviously oil prices will have a say in that . 
I mean are you going to kind of look and take the current spread forward or are you going to try to impact - in or try to incorporate some of the impacts the spread could feel for even that waste oil pricing or maybe even vgo pricing . 
General and administrative costs are higher because of an increase in it costs , including costs for our transportation management system and human resource system , as well as an increase in professional fees . 
Our new tms so the endgame of this is to provide our operating systems where we have visibility across the network . 
These new onboardings will continue to ramp up in the first and second quarter of 2000 , and 17 we were also successful , securing several multiyear contract renewals the . 
And then we 'll replace our tractors when they 're five years old and purchase tractors to support our growth in key markets where it makes sense . 
During the downturn we took the opportunity to upgrade our rig fleet to one of the most modern and efficient in the industry on the completion side we expect to complete 5 % to 10 % more . 
The curry well is solidly in the oil window as opposed to many scoop stack wells . 
The outperformance of these new wells allowed our Trinidad division to produce 15 million cubic feet . 
The tax law enacted near the end of 2017 had a number of effects on EOGs results of operations , cash flows , and consolidated financial statements . 
In 2018 , which Billy Helms will update you on shortly as a result , we are in a position to generate healthy financial returns even in amoderate oil price environment . 
Of realizing the full benefit of premium drilling in 2018 , we 'll improve in every category we use to measure performance internally . 
In 2017 we set our sights on drilling longer laterals and larger well packages . 
Of gas per day , more than initially forecasted in 2017 , we also finalized a new gas contract with the National Gas Company of Trinidad and Tobago . 
The progress we 've made on our capital cost structure , operational cost structure , and overall capital efficiency these last three years during the downturn has been phenomenal ; EOG has never been more efficient in its history . 
Through these and other efforts we are building on our momentum from last year when we reduced well cost 7 % across active areas . 
And outpacing our technical learning curve and so in every one of these plays and we 've been doing this for two decades now . 
Per BOE and the premium reserves we 've been adding are beginning to make a significant difference in our bottom line results . 
To exploration driven organic growth , drove increases to premium net resource potential of 2 . 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent . 
Those efforts will expand in 2018 our average lateral will be 8 % longer this year and we expect the average size of our well packages to more than double . 
We continue to increase the size of our well packages and extend lateral lengths while being careful to maintain per foot recovery ; the goal of these measured improvements is to maximize the NPV per section of this consistently prolific asset . 
The well we highlighted when introducing the Woodford , the Curry 21 , is a fascinating well that continues to demonstrate a very low decline rate , particularly considering that it is a shale reservoir . 
Are working together to make EOG the leader in organic generation of new and better premium drilling inventory ? 
Volumes on the mid - Saskatchewan system increased as a result of the connection reactivations and from the completion of several expansion projects in mid - 2015 to accommodate increased regional production . 
Our margins are stabilized and we will continue to focus our efforts on delivering the expected us profitability as well as the integration of the Brazilian business following the vigor acquisition . 
The - in I think we 're going to go back and look at what our three - year results look like with the team over the next couple of months . 
We 're happy with what we see as the profitability trend in Lala Drinkables and we have to make some strategic decisions regarding the culture business . 
That we took on October 15 , so in the third quarter we have 30 days . 
We have a lot of learnings on a lot of different experiments that have been done over the past three or four months on the best way to generate trial repeat purchase . 
And manufacturing strategy in one of those three plants , so we need to get into that and we 'll come back to you with updated estimates . 
The repayment of one of our bonds and the acquisition of the minority shares of the now delisted German subsidiary Strabag AG in Cologne . 
Will to be work off extreme high order backlog of Strabag , the company is therefore being very selective . 
Of at least a comparable level to that of 2000 and 17 and to generate improved earnings now that the Alto Maipo project in Chile no longer has a negative effect on the segment 's result . 
The EBIT more than doubled , as did the income tax level which left a net income . 
As required by the first time adoption of IFRS 15 , we have commented on this effect already in the previous calls of this year . 
Now why would anyone keep their money in a savings account that offers half the rate of another savings account there 's only two reasons : one they do n 't know about the other offer or two the friction and hassle in moving their money . 
Reconciliation between the two can be found in the company 's presentation today , which is available on its website . 
It 's obviously still very early days in this mission , but every quarter we continue to get closer and Q 3 results were another sign that this approach drives real results as demonstrated by our 80 % growth in core revenue . 
Through the card program , so at some point in 2019 we expect the kind of expansion of what we call the premium account . 
Starting next quarter Q 4 , we will no longer have any of this legacy revenue in our results which we believe will make it easier for investors to understand our true underlying growth . 
This morning Ill take amoment to highlight our Q 3 results , review our key markets and share our outlook before we take your questions . 
And after paying out most of our cash on our Q 2 balance sheet as dividends . 
As a result , we have just renewed our normal course issuer bid and are actively planning to repurchase our stock ; the renewed bid allows us to buy back up to 5 . 2 million shares over the next 12 months . 
Since we launched this strategy three years ago , our specialty sales volume has increased by more than 40 % , the equivalent of one mill 's annual production . 
And they see what they have at hand , but I also think what is important in our case is that we have three things in mind when we make those decisions and number one is to make sure that we are compliant . 
We have opened up one new branch during the quarter and have appointed also two new branch managers for new openings . 
In more than 30 countries and is a preferred and qualified partner of a number of international organizations and nongovernmental organizations . 
Between 8 and 10 years of data exclusivity from the date of approval . 
In the last week of May we have two excellent opportunities to share the probuphine story . 
The third quarter is the seasonally weakest quarter for the CIS business and we expect both revenues and margins to be higher in the fourth quarter . 
We are benefiting from a better heating season this year after experiencing two years of market declines in addition to market growth ; we are also gaining market share in our historically strong Midwest and Northeast region along with making gains in the Canadian market . 
This is higher than last year , primarily due to the unfavorable foreign exchange rates and capital spending in our new CIS segment , in addition we made equipment purchases to expand manufacturing capacity in China . 
We are also tightening by raising the lower end of our adjusted operating income and adjusted Ebitda guidance . 
We continue to focus on addressing our performance challenges at certain CIS locations and on driving operational improvements . 
It 's these environments where if it 's long and steady increase , it 's not a huge quarterly impact and you 've seen that in the last three quarters for us . 
Lots of opportunities we have put a few of the foundation pieces in place with it , but . 
Assuming the pipeline is fully subscribed , the capacity could be expanded to about 1 million barrels per day . 
Projects are generally geared towards that , although we 've added quite a bit of NAO capacity over the past couple of years , also so we 're thinking about how do we efficiently move these products into the market ? 
Slide 5 compares first quarter and fourth quarter adjusted earnings by segment . 
Yes , so you 're right , we 've seen a number of weeks over two million barrels a day of exports . 
I guess a driver of some cash that would potentially make its way to the parent company this year or with the organic opportunities available at PSXP is that not necessarily something that we would be thinking about . 
Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here , as well as in our SEC filings with that Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for our opening remarks . 
And expect to have three product candidates in clinical development in the first half of 2000 and 19 , during which we expect to achieve a number of important upcoming clinical and regulatory milestones specifically . 
No severe or serious adverse events have occurred in the Phyox trial , and there have been no clinically significant changes in electrocardiography , vital signs , and lab or hematology values . 
The increase in net loss attributable to common stockholders for the nine month period . 
And we did not want to be enrolling the pediatric patients in the 6 . 0 h mg / kg cohort so that has led to some delay in . 
Yes , I think our anticipation is that we start off with the ph 1 and ph 2 patients in the first quarter of next year and soon thereafter . 
The additional millions of dollars and the opportunity cost associated with taking pcks 9 through to clinical data I would consider that an external factor and not an internal factor , and that has been what has led us to . 
The agreement contemplates collaboration on more than 10 targets in total . 
That patients follow in ph and being able to eliminate that . 
We were not expecting a different time of onset , but it does appear that in the trial so far our nadir is achieved by six weeks . 
It helped us enormously in the ph exceed program that we had the single dose study . 
As a reminder , Phyox has enrolled 25 normal healthy volunteers in the group , a portion of the study which is complete . 
We plan to develop this product candidate as a wholly owned program of the company and expect to submit regulatory filings in the first half of 2019 we plan to disclose the program and the development strategy at that time . 
The increase in direct research and development expense in the three months ended September 30 , 2018 was primarily due to an increase in clinical study costs . 
We expect overall research and development expenses to continue to increase during the fourth quarter of 2018 and for the foreseeable future . 
Was to be repaid from upfront and first year payments from new partnering agreements over the next four years . 
In these patient populations , as the only company developing a therapeutic intended to treat all forms of ph . 
We are pleased with the antiviral activity we have seen in preclinical studies and believe that RNAi - based therapy will one day be a part of the HBV treatment paradigm . 
Given Alexion 's more than two decades of complement leadership and deep expertise and resources in the field , we are pleased to partner with Alexion to discover and develop promising new Rnai therapies using our Galxc platform . 
Reflecting increased activities associated with our DCRs PHXC program . 
These are clearly small numbers if you compare this to HBVs where clearly you will have to study much , much larger . 
Which had caused considerable increases in trading volume in the FX market . 
From that and we expect the level we have seen in Q 1 to be certainly sustainable . 
Since the announcement of the transaction on March 16 I ask for your understanding that we will not go into details on the merger during today 's call . 
It 's clear that the increase of the ARPU is also coming from the fact that we are increasing - kilometre we are starting to increase . 
Thank you for the way , analysts and the press have followed the great evolution of Tim . 
But that does n 't mean we are not working to improve the speed of our 4 G network . 
But we now see it as an opportunity looking forward Tim was and still is the champion of the second voice sim card . 
Please look at the bottom of the page slide 8 , this is the segment Information for Technology Solutions . 
At the bottom of the page is slide 10 system platforms . 
Which had been strong in the second and third quarters of last year , revenue was also impacted by the increased severity of the competitive environment demand in Q 3 was weaker than we originally expected . 
Please turn to the slide at the bottom of the next page slide 18 technology solutions services . 
We expect that severe conditions will continue until 5 G begins rolling out in earnest . 
Next please turn to the top of the next page slide 7 , this is the breakdown by segment . 
This was primarily due to the significant impact of reduced revenue in network products next at the top of the next page slide 11 is ubiquitous solutions . 
Please turn to the top of the next page slide 13 cash flows . 
The companies that have kind of nibbled around LNG have had a hard time really making money in that business ; the spot returns have actually been pretty horrible . 
Lower OPEC production supply outages and lack of weather delays prevented the spot market from stepping up to seasonally expected winter trading freight levels . 
Increases in finance costs in quarter 4 and in the year were mainly due to increases in loans and in Libor partly offset by bunker hedge cash receipts . 
Your company has fully implemented all the features that are required for a successful GST rollout we have passed on all the reduction . 
That said , enrollment has been slower than we had hoped in part because of the triple negative space is a very popular space for clinical trials right now , with more than 300 and 30 studies ongoing worldwide . 
The primary endpoint of the study , which required aminimum of six responses in the first 52 patients to be deemed successful , has been met and exceeded , with some patients still potentially progressing to response . 
We believe the Phase I portion of the study will complete enrollment in the next few months and that the Phase II portion of the study will initiate by year - end . 
We 'll present the exact data at the ESMO meeting coming up in a few months . 
Before I turn the call over to Tom , Id like to take a few moments to outline our progress since we last talked in March when a decision was made to discontinue the Act IV study based on the recommendation of the Data Safety and Monitoring Board . 
And existing compassionate use patients have been offered ongoing access to Rintega on a compassionate use basis and there are currently over a hundred patients on drug . 
The breadth and depth of the Glemba and Varli programs should provide us with a data rich 2017 and clearly define the potential of these product candidates . 
On a CD 40 agonist candidate and you will likely see data from what appears to be a very interesting program later this year . 
We plan to present data from the study at the European Society for Medical Oncology ESMO meeting in October . 
Preliminary evidence also suggested a correlation between biomarker data and stable disease or better in seven of these patients . 
The second half of 2000 and 16 will continue to be about execution across the pipeline we look forward to presenting data on Glemba at ESMO and additional programs likely at Citi and Ash . 
As always we are mindful of our cash position , we did put an ATM in place back in May , a vehicle we have used in the past when the markets have not been very favorable . 
What was interesting about - oh 1 , 4 is that in the animals we saw a really quite limited toxicity less than we expected and that will allow us to dose escalate . 
Anthony outlines the current status of Rintega program : We are working hard to understand the details within this data set and will be fully transparent in sharing our findings at the public presentation at SNO in November . 
I have worked with him as part of the Consol Energy Team and he brings a wealth of capital markets and coal industry experience . 
This ensures that Coal - fired generation remained more competitive than it was in the first half of 16 , and power plants were able to burn more coal . 
Compared to the end of the first quarter of 2017 , as the operational impacts of Cyclone Debbie in Australia were less than previously anticipated . 
In simple terms , the cash component of the acquisition of additional interest in the Pennsylvaniamining complex that we completed in September of 16 has been almost fully funded through internally generated cash flow . 
We are maintaining our sales volume and adjusted Ebitda outlook provided at the end of the first quarter . 
But as we came out of the vacation periods , CSX is struggling a little bit to get ramped up now obviously . 
You referenced pricing in 'eighteen and sort of not being terribly different from where it was in the first quarter . 
Those preferred units are eligible to convert on September 30 that will be at that point in time that is up to the holder as far as the conversion of those go . 
Dealers that we sell the LSW package through by our choice and the reason being is that we believe . 
That can produce 50000 different skus in the wheel business and there 's no one out in the world that has the range . 
Is the fruits of our labor for the last three years just like you talked about with that farmer the situation is ? 
You just watch the tv and it 's happening now in Europe you ca n 't have . 
I think in the press release that you could do 24 tires a day . 
And I figure it 'll probably be another four or five days before they . 
I point out these comparisons for two years ago not to just search for a silver lining , but to show how the Titan team has done a good job battling these market conditions and again it takes a team of people working hard . 
He already knows all our customers very well , so we really just need to change the logo on his shirt and he 'll be out there , strengthening our relationships with our OEM customers . 
Is just like you mentioned you 've got the crazy guy and I go see the big farmers who all have more than one piece of equipment . 
But we do want to confirm an outlook of 8 % to 10 % organic revenue growth again next year with an expectation . 
The corporate payments category continued to perform well and was up 28 % organically during the quarter . 
Like the core business as it sets up , I think the big big opportunity that some others have demonstrated is this downmarket full ap thing that we 've been working on and modeling and finally launched that . 
The growth in this category was driven primarily by adding more accounts , and more spend our toll business had another great quarter ; up 17 % organically , the growth in this category was driven primarily by a combination of more new sales . 
Excluding these impacts in both quarters , operating expenses would have been up approximately 7 % the . 
Id say we 're pretty comfortable at eight because it does n 't require really a lot of delta sequentially in what we 're doing . 
Inside of the four businesses that we 're already in and so Im not trying to hedge it , but I think it 's just - kilometre , it 's a pacing question , it 's how fast . 
This excludes dilution from the Novadaq acquisition that Glenn will cover in his section . 
With our specialized sales force we will be able to broaden the reach of Novadaq 's technology as we look to leverage our highly complementary customer bases . 
Subsequent to the quarter end , Sage received an FDA warning letter which relates to an inspection last September shortly after we closed on the acquisition . 
We also have seen real uptake over the last X number of quarters from our new product portfolio and the investments we made over the years in 3 D printing . 
I do n 't have an update on the timing for publication of the dawn data , I think you really have to look at all of those factors . 
As we look ahead to the balance of the year , we are excited about the pending acquisition of Novadaq , which will add a key growth driver to our high - performing endoscopy division . 
I think the biggest gating item right now is our ability to hire - identify hire and train the Mako specialists who are critical to ensuring that not just the surgeon , but his entire or staff is prepared to have a really successful . 
To be able to give us some really unique product offering that if you look at our cementless offering is now approaching , 20 % of our knees are now cementless which is . 
Dawn and some of the previous studies that have come out that are contributing to the interest in ischemic treatments that are mechanical based . 
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company 's most recent filings with the SEC . 
Of note , we continue to see solid uptake for Mako upgrades , which remain on track and should position us to largely complete all us system upgrades . 
Which has the impact of reducing growth by roughly 1 % , as previously stated , selling days generally do not have an impact on the performance of our capital businesses . 
Our third quarter range does not assume any dilution related to Novadaq , however , if the deal closes earlier than September 30 , there will be additional dilution during the quarter . 
As they work through some of those challenges associated with the - 10 s those deals , but we 're not going to break out with specificity as we did through the first 4 / 4 nor do we with other deals that - s after we announce them . 
Which is what I think you 're referring to which is really a SKU rationalization program that we 're putting in place to sort of harmonize . 
Also , the discussions will include certain non - GAAP financial measures ; reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in today 's press release . 
The latter of which we recently received a warning letter related to last year 's recall , we remain on track with the EPS accretion for both deals as their growth will accelerate through the remainder of the year . 
Range of motion stability discharge to rehab and patient satisfaction : We expect to begin to see some of the data at key orthopaedic conferences starting in 2018 and beyond as we track these patients over time . 
Which excludes any anticipated dilution related to the planned acquisition of Novadaq Technologies . 
Allow us to drive stronger knee market share as we exit 2000 and 17 , so I think you should kind of think about a rolling four knee growth and that 's kind of the base we assume we 'll improve upon . 
We expect to start shipping for the first of the 1100 homes in the fourth quarter . 
Where you will also find our press release , which contains supporting details including reconciliations of non - gaap information referred to in the release and on this call . 
And that 's what we have to deal with , how do we convince new people to come in when we say when we give 20 % discount price , it 's amajor thing . 
After a hectic last quarter of the government 's fiscal year ending September 30 , we expect the process to start again in November . 
These metrics are not meant to replace GAAP measurements , but are provided as supplements to assist the public in their analysis and valuation of our company . 
When our visibility went to zero we could not remain comfortable with our political guidance and we therefore communicated our honest assessment by withdrawing that guidance . 
Guidance for Q 4 and the full year first of all our guidance does not include any pending acquisitions such as Green Bay and Davenport . 
Extravagant in our political assumptions to make the leverage ratios look good , we 're being a little bit conservative that far out , and our leverage ratio is still going into the four makes us feel very comfortable . 
Significantly where they were in 12 Wisconsin , we have one of the small markets there saw basically no spending in what was supposed to be a very contentious race and then as you may know the . 
Candidates on both sides of the presidential contest this year spent far less than their 2000 and 12 predecessors ; in addition , neither political party spent any significant money supporting their nominee with advertising , and many of the Super PACs skipped the race entirely . 
Simply put , we anticipate that the total repurchases in any given year would range approximately between 10 % and 20 % of our free cash flow . 
The performance of these two businesses was not enough in the quarter to offset the margin impact from thermal management . 
The other main issue is We 've been hoping that Mro would recover throughout this year . 
This concludes today 's conference call today 's call will be available for replay in approximately two hours time to listen to the replay . 
With Erico and enclosures performing as expected and thermal completing the large Canadian projects we still believe technical solutions remains well positioned longer term . 
The result of which should be margin expansion from all three segments next year . 
That 's what we hope you took away that yes , we think Q 4 is an anomaly , but if you take a look at the overall core growth for the company , a negative one and moving to that general framework next year . 
And that is roughly a 1 : 2 percentage point growth over where it was on a full year basis last year . 
While the results of Erico are captured as acquisition contribution , the business performed in line with our expectations at the completion of the one - year deal anniversary . 
And thank you all for joining us today , Ill be starting on slide 4 , we delivered third quarter results that operationally met the high end of our forecast and were slightly above our guidance . 
The majority of Erico sales are into commercial vertical , which continued to deliver growth in the quarter , although the rate of growth is moderating . 
For the full year please turn to slide 12 labeled balance sheet and cash flow . 
High single digits throughout the year and had moderated back to flat in Q 3 and then also we had the water purification business , which also was strong most of the year and took a little bit of a pause in Q 3 , so that 's where the misses came Steve . 
And so when you talk about the beverage projects should we think about that bucket of revenue is that about 3 , 5 oh of sales that 's kind of . 
You did mention that in some parts of Ap where you are present you are kind of going a little slow because it 's cash economy . 
Those risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in filings the company submits to the Securities and Exchange Commission , including its quarterly reports on Form 10 - Q . 
I encourage you to review these reports for the full details , but I will touch on five highlights here . 
Summarize : We continue to execute on the two core components of our business strategy . 
Its annual reports on Form 10 - K and its current reports on Form 8 s K . 
Now that it 's six people when it used to be just one person of just telling that story of what first defense does how you can avoid another vaccine to your cow . 
No other product presently on the market can offer this value ; proposition work is underway to complete the two remaining technical sections required for approval of the new animal drug application for mast out . 
Also , during today 's call , we will discuss non - gaap financial measures which we believe can be useful in evaluating the company 's financial performance . 
Before reviewing the forward - looking statements as retiring CFO , I wanted to express my gratitude and appreciation . 
Overall , GNL had a strong third quarter and our portfolio continued to exhibit the characteristics of being one of the best portfolios in our industry . 
Comparing to last quarter adjusted , FFO is slightly down , partially due to the timing of the recognition of income tax expense , which Chris will go into in more detail later . 
In addition , we closed on an additional four properties shortly after the quarter closed . 
While still exhibiting a great amount of discipline with respect to credit risk being able to source these types of opportunities while still maintaining GNLs high . 
Removing concerns about upcoming debt maturities in GNLs capital structure , we are also able to achieve the extension of these debt maturities while keeping our cost of interest relatively flat . 
We refer all of you to the company SEC filings for amore detailed discussion of the risk factors that could cause these differences . 
Prepared in accordance with GAAP , a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available in our earnings release . 
Going from weighted average interest rate of 2 . 7 % at the end of the second quarter . 
In a few minutes Brett will provide additional perspective on the Phase II data , but we 're pleased with these results and especially gratified by the responses from key opinion leaders in neurology with whom we 've discussed the data set . 
With a 7 - millimeter mercury or greater increase at all time , points on all clinic visits . 
As we had hoped to show when we undertook Part C , we believe the durability of effect on dizziness and blood pressure . 
In a study design intended to improve efficiency and accelerate the clinical program , FDA and EMA have agreed to the design features . 
The first ten of those patients were considered for Part B , and they were in fact randomized to either active or placebo , and their blood pressure was assessed in the double - blind phase that I shared the data for . 
And one of the patient had a report of new supine hypertension not previously reported , but those were the only two and as reported in the early part A of the study . 
These clinicians support the view that these data are clinically meaningful and highly encouraging , and that 9855 has the potential to be a transformational treatment for this debilitating condition . 
Observed in patients on active therapy after four weeks of dosing may prove to be one of the key differentiating features for 9855 we will continue to track all patients through the remainder of their five month treatment period . 
Id like to provide a little bit more detail on these two cohorts to provide further context in support of our confidence to progress the programs in both ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease . 
In terms of tissue PK taken from IPs samples of the affected gut wall , there was evidence of does - related increases in local GI tissue drug concentrations . 
We and our partner Janssen are very excited about the progress in the 1473 program and its potential to transform the treatment of gastrointestinal diseases . 
But while we were conducting Part B , we acknowledged and recognized that there were several of these 27 patients requesting extension on their therapy . 
For the risk of supine hypertension in the evening , both therapies need to be administered at least three hours before patients lie down to prevent the risk of overshooting on blood pressure . 
A total of 40 eligible patients with moderate to severely active ulcerative colitis were enrolled across the three cohorts . 
As you look at the earlier time points perhaps at one week and then as you also look at the data at four weeks is it possible to give us some sort of a sense of . 
We were very encouraged not only by the percentage of patients reporting improvements in this portion of the study , but also by their request to continue therapy beyond a single dose which led to the addition of Part C to the study . 
Recall that patients were eligible to be enrolled in Part C based on their blood pressure response in Part A , not on the severity of their dizziness . 
At one week of dosing and droxidopa has not been shown in clinical studies to produce durable response beyond two weeks . 
The most notable findings were that endoscopic improvements and even mucosal healing were reported in each of the three active treatment arms . 
When we apply the same threshold and by the way that change of 2 . 3 was seen at one week that was the deepest response , they got they . 
In business we 've seen a steadily improving revenue trend in the last two years and we remain on track to stabilize revenues . 
And in response to these developments we significantly simplified our portfolio to focus on converged communication and it services . 
We lose part of the ISDN lines due to rationalization , yet we are migrating the remaining ISDN customers to KPN 1 and we are witnessing two clear benefits . 
Our strategic focus on targeting communications and it services in one contract . 
In order to identify the value of 5 G technologies we are starting pilots with a number of business partners through these use cases , we will determine the value of new technologies for different industries . 
Takes place under the current EC framework and the last time . 
Really on track to deliver on the promises we made two years ago we are doing . 
We have done already pilots internally and demonstrations , and some of the services that now require three weeks or even four weeks to deliver to a customer and . 
Such as the OSS integration 5 G technologies and virtualization , the next steps in simplification and digitalization will enable us to improve even further our customer experience . 
The revenue trend in the fourth quarter showed a strong improvement supported by growth in integrated solutions and it services . 
This will enable us to phase out some of the traditional environments in KPN and reduce operating costs considerably . 
This will be essential in the further development of 5 G and decisions on when , how and where to deploy . 
Before turning to the quarter presentation , I would like to draw your attention to the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of the slides that also applies to any statements made during this presentation . 
The transformation of the business is on track reflected by a strong improvement in MPS and improving revenue trend . 
The routit distribution platform enables us to process significantly more orders and also resulted in a very strong increase in MPS ; this efficient delivery chain forms a solid platform for further accelerate . 
For national consultation is scheduled by ACM : Yes , somewhere in the first quarter of this year we argue - Consulwe will argue in that consultation for a level playing field . 
In 2000 and 17 , a straight line going forward , but we are confident that we will . 
Segment where Tele 2 and Ts mobile are very aggressive , leveraging the low utilization in their network and that 's also the reason why we have taken the decision . 
This will be a key driver for KPNs future performance alongside quality improvements ; we see numerous revenue opportunities and further potential to lower spend . 
The results in the first two quarters are in line with our expectations : The inflow ARPU is somewhat lower than last year because we unbundled content . 
Overall we see that our strategy of moving customers to integrated solutions and growth in it is working . 
In SME we focused fully on our KPN 1 product and we are seeing steady progress in large enterprise and corporate due to the introduction of a number of focused propositions . 
Growth and facilitate migrations into 2018 , the KPN 1 portfolio is very important to us ; it 's the basis for up and cross . 
In the first quarter our volumes declined 3 % ; a portion of that decrease was expected as we executed our margin management and pruning actions . 
Our new us organization allows us to better serve our customers and suppliers by bringing the right expertise and a tailored supply chain to meet their needs . 
With about 85 % of the market in the hands of our competitors , we see this as a golden opportunity to win new profitable business at amuch faster pace . 
To 8 . 2 % , margins also benefited from two extra billing days in Europe this quarter due to the timing of the Easter holiday , which will reverse in the second quarter . 
Let me now address our outlook for 2000 and 17 and the second quarter on slide 11 : We are making good progress against our commercial greatness and operational excellence initiatives . 
And Chief Operating Officer of UNIVAR , David 's a seasoned experienced growth champion and senior executive with more than 35 years in chemicals and plastics distribution . 
I personally attended this event and came away highly impressed by the talent level energy and commitment displayed by our EMEA sales leadership team . 
The remaining growth in first quarter adjusted Ebitda in EMEA can be attributed to higher gross profit margins . 
Moving then to slide eight and our rest of the world segment , sales were essentially flat with the prior year as higher average selling prices . 
Okay and the I guess some of the power plants it looks like you 're going to be building over the next five years , do those need some kind of approval before you start construction , or do you just build them and get recovery later on , or how does that s / how should we think about that ? 
Putting incremental capital to work and a lot of things that the three of us described a few moments ago that 's generally the strategy when we think about repositioning the portfolio . 
This represented the culmination of over 12 months of working with the five arches team , allowing us to validate our market thesis and confirm cultural and operational fit . 
Which contributed to a 13 % increase in economic net interest income in 2018 along with meaningful gains as we continue to optimize our portfolio . 
Overall performance in mortgage banking in 2018 reflects the diversity of our sourcing and syndication channels and our continued efforts to use our capital more efficiently . 
Or considered as a substitute for measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP , they are included to aid investors in further understanding the company 's performance . 
And whether they have any relevance to the future development of AB - 452 , the class of molecules or the mechanism of action . 
We believe we have a very strong team with the skills , experience and commitment to developing a curative combination regimen for HBV patients . 
We are confident the RNA destabilizing mechanism we are focused on represents a very relevant and important therapeutic target . 
Now also elsewhere in Mozambique we are evaluating three high potential blocks for which we were awarded the right to negotiate exploration and production rights . 
We believe the project will be well positioned to supply LNG customers in markets around the world ; ExxonMobil will lead the construction and operations of the planned onshore facilities . 
So as you highlighted Brad moving into your second - 1 st question , there are a number of LNG projects that we are concurrently progressing . 
We have a very long well - established and successful partnership with Sabic , and this is something that in our broader business dealings both parties wanted to do and we saw that this was a . 
As such , ExxonMobil will contribute its expertise in project execution and operations to support the project 's success in a globally competitive LNG market . 
After Liza - 4 , the rig will drill a delineation well at Payara that will also test a deeper exploration prospect . 
But I would tell you the commercial structure will be such that it will certainly underpin the substantial investments required for these LNG projects . 
Turning to slide 8 , I wanted to update you on some of our 2018 priorities as we approach the end of our fiscal year now that we 've essentially completed our standup activities . 
We 're also planning to invest an additional NF 3 capacity in Asia . 
What we 've been doing is making sure that we 're making the right decision , I think there 's a time where we 're making significant investments and we 've prioritized am . 
We 're confident that this investment , along with our organic capital investments for growth and productivity , will lead to future margin expansion , turning to slide 7 I will cover the industry dynamics and outlook . 
Turning to slide 9 as we look to the future , we are excited to be a leader in this industry with our diverse portfolio and leading market positions ; we see many catalysts for continued profitable growth . 
We expect process materials to continue to benefit from the growth of underlying MSI , and increasing 3 D structures like VNAND advanced materials is expected to benefit from the same trends . 
We have two production units in hometown and we have converted the first unit to the same technology we already use in our Korea plant . 
Will reoccur every three to five years based on market growth and capacity needs . 
And on the SIP side , what that basically is profits we recognize in the delivery systems business , particularly on percent complete accounting projects . 
And we wanted to make sure that we 're looking at all our options on an NF 3 : Do we expand in Korea or do we build a new greenfield site and that 's the part of the work that we 're finalizing at this point in time ? 
Plus growth of new materials required for advanced nodes at 10 and 7 nm transition to the next . 
Third is China because if you get the pors with the two big Korean players , half the market in China is really memory from . 
And we will be using the same strategy of refinancing for upcoming operations as well : Now Ill remind you that in the real estate line in the consolidated statements you have two compartments , the first one is carried out with the financial . 
In the coming years some of these projects have already started as you can see on this slide three examples of what we have built or are about to build a new . 
Ago , this road map is going to be implemented over the next three years because it implies substantial changes . 
Specializes in servicing these chronic conditions linked to aging and the age average of our patients for this division is 75 years of age , so we have launched a far - reaching . 
Reported on June 30 and accounted for as equity and the net debt impact of change in parameter and others . 
Money in that range , so we have two things that we need to weigh . 
And I think as a combination of those two events we will get further confidence in the product and I believe that 's going to drive . 
And this also translates into reduced ballast and positioning payment so that when we combine this with the lower utilization you do get a drop - off in TCE for the period . 
While much has been said of the Upstream Us Shale expansion , Ill remind you that this has not been an area of historical focus for Rotork , I will note , however . 
Let 's take a closer look at our execution in 2018 and our 2019 focus within each of these pillars . 
And also to 10 subsidiary offices demonstrating lean expanding beyond operations . 
After our external assessment of our senior leaders in the first half of 2018 , we quickly developed and implemented our internal talent review and succession planning programs . 
Many of you may recall in our customer survey work done in the first half of 2018 ; the issue of quote turnaround times rose to the top in the list of concerns . 
Towards the end of 2018 we saw a high degree of oil price instability causing some of the larger programs to pause for what we believe is a short term . 
We did n 't want to say we 're going to wait three years for these key - enabling pieces of the solution to come , so we took that step and developed that middle layer , which gives us those . 
No , I do n 't think there 's a rule of thumb , I think if you look at what happened in October and November in a fiveo to sixweek period , it was the most volatile period . 
In not only developing new products in the engineering functions of designing new things that would simplify our RFS offering . 
In the first half of 2018 we also experienced several major project wins principally in Asia , which we delivered upon in the third and fourth quarters . 
About our outlook for 2019 : So first we do welcome the recent stabilization of the oil prices . 
Moving on to operational excellence , we began 2018 utilizing third - party consultants to assist in the assessment of our operations and the identification of targeted improvement activities . 
Each of these consolidations are continued to be evaluated on a risk - adjusted return basis with a desire to average a payback period of less than two years . 
Now turning to our key enablers , the execution within our next two pillars is critical to the achievement of our aspirations . 
And further we 'll continue our commitment to bring additional diversity into our business ; one example of this is our joining of the 30 % club which entails a commitment between our chairman . 
It 's important to note that the vast majority of these revenues , meaning greater than 90 % , will shift to newer generation products with improved margins and reduced manufacturing complexities . 
Overall we expect full year margins to show progress on 2018 : I remain very enthusiastic to be leading Rotork and Im very pleased with the level of execution our team has continued to demonstrate . 
We saw hesitation in the release of similar larger projects in the second half of 2018 , largely due to significant fluctuations in oil prices and increasing uncertainty on a variety of economic fronts . 
We 've selected our Go - Forward Enterprise technology platform as the Microsoft Dynamics 365 platform and Hitachi Solutions as our systems integrator and our implementation partner . 
The application set with the pipeline having a gas right and they 're very clear about these sites having kind of a two - tier strategy . 
So there 's been a huge focused effort on integrating instruments , in particular with the RFS business that utilizes a lot of them . 
It 's the instruments engineering team working with the RFS team in designing 10 standardized packages that cover 90 % of our range , for example , so that 's amajor ongoing new product development initiative . 
Ill then return and discuss the progress we 're making on our growth acceleration programme and say a few words about our outlook for 2019 My first year at Rotork has been one of change and significant progress . 
The improved labor productivity was n 't sufficient to offset a 70 - basis point increase in material costs . 
For these initiatives our 2019 focus will be to continue and build upon our strong progress to date . 
Each of these categories are providing net savings ranging between 5 % and 8 % ; we 've been actively staffing the procurement organization and we are now at 80 % of our expected staffing levels . 
Taking our hr function from that of a purely transactional organization to one , which recognizes the value in and power of our human capital and serves as a true partner to our business . 
Additionally , we initiated a detailed product line review identifying a number of product lines to be withdrawn from production over the next 18 months . 
Ill close out by making a few comments on the outlook for this year 2018 began with very strong oil prices which supported expansion and larger programs . 
So quite a few in the IFRS business , for example , so as you would expect we keep a very good . 
We 've had many sessions , with those two teams coming together having joint new product development efforts . 
That we pulled resources from other areas on to focus on that particular program , and that 's a great example of those two working together to really drive an improvement in our business . 
Perhaps just as important , we were able to stabilize the clarient volume , which had been on a steady decline over the last three years . 
We 're also pleased to report that the volume of tests processed per day increased each month during quarter one , so there is good solid momentum in the business . 
We believe that our combined portfolio of over one hundred and seventy five managed care and large account arrangements is strong and a key foundation for continued growth . 
As part of this , we 're working very hard to create a one company culture with a common understanding of values and behaviors and attributes of a high - performance team . 
Local oncologist as a result of using us as their reference lab , so I would say those are three important value proposition drivers . 
The equipment 's expensive , the techs are very specialized and they 're not easy to hire , and there 's a lot of process around doing fish and doing multiple menu fish menus like we have we have over 60 different fish . 
In addition to the strong sales performance we also benefited from a stable reimbursement environment in quarter 1 , this is a welcome relief from the situation we faced over the past six years . 
Laboratory Information Systems and the Consolidation of Our Two Southern California Facilities . 
Laboratory information systems are extremely important to smooth operations and efficiency , and we are integrating two similar but different lab systems . 
We continue to compile results in the development of our neolab liquid biopsy prostate cancer test ; an early analysis supports the results of the first two studies . 
And 5 , the amortization of the beneficial conversion feature related to the preferred stock that is required by GAAP accounting . 
So I think those are two key drivers of our value proposition , now pathologists use us as their laboratory . 
We evaluated , restructured and reorganized the entire sales organization within three weeks of closing the clarient acquisition . 
Expected increases in Medicare fish reimbursement were slightly offset by slight Medicare decreases in other testing areas . 
We 're currently offering this test commercially and have just hired two sales representatives and a product manager to more aggressively market the test . 
That you 're bringing online now , could you just take a step back for us and just kind of review your value proposition for clients , so obviously you 're becoming one of the lowest cost providers of fish ? 
Over the last five consecutive December quarters , so it 's not surprising that this quarter saw modest growth . 
We will grow Same - store sales 5 % to 10 % and that we will have leverage in line with the last few years . 
Would you look to reduce it a little bit further , is there no change in how you 're thinking about it from three months ago , or - to it does n 't sound like there 's promotions in the market , just curious how you 're thinking about that aspect of the business ? 
Generally based on the notion that the industry would be up about 5 % and that you would get a little bit of pricing so . 
Which makes this year our best first quarter in our over twenty - year history , The . 
As Brett explained , the primary reasons for the increases were related to a new store , an acquisition in 2018 , and the ramp - up of our charter business . 
With our energized team and positive consumer confidence , we are ready to build upon our strong start in fiscal 2019 as we continue to change people 's lives by connecting them with their family and friends . 
If you take a look at the underproduction in NAFTA that we were front - loading the underproduction this year . 
The August shutdown in Q 3 and then we 'll see where we are in terms of meeting our channel inventory objectives for the year . 
We reserve Q 4 depending on where we are in inventory about the level of production performance , so CV should look like every other year in terms of seasonality and AG will be less back - end loaded . 
I mean the - is if you look at the slide and look at the relative cuts in production , those are relative to production numbers in Q 1 where we had already cut so you can imagine the levels that we 're running at right now . 
We are encouraged by the improved operating profits and margins in our industrial segments compared to last year , which has allowed us to offset a significant portion of the profit margin impact from AG . 
Slightly down compared to the first quarter of 15 on a constant currency basis , primarily due to the decline in AG sales . 
On ag side , I think you need to be careful not to model in that fourth quarter margin that you saw last year , which is heavily influenced by the fact . 
For the year and the reason that we had upgraded unit volume demand for 16 for continental Europe is influenced by Southern Europe , so at least through the balance of this year we expect it . 
Of the Russian market we do n 't see it quite yet , but at least the dialogue is improving from where it 's been over the last 48 months or so . 
So I - minus we do n 't - s - i - i - s - i we may be ahead of the cycle in terms of the introduction of Tier III and electronic transmissions already , so I do n 't expect . 
Before we delve into our results , I want to take amoment and recognize Dave Rogers as one of our fore founders and for his 35 years of service and commitment to life storage . 
With respect to these asset exchanges , we have traded stores that were on average 27 years old for stores that are on average 7 years old . 
Joe : Can you talk about the incremental changes that you 're contemplating for LSI and what we can expect where you would focus more on ? 
With the strongest trends in Vegas , New York , New Jersey , New England , Buffalo , La Sacramento and Cleveland , our view of supply remains generally unchanged and our watch markets are the same . 
Dave has been a value leader as CEO and as a pillar in the industry , and we are lucky to have them remain on the board where we can continue to benefit from his perspective . 
Do you think might be dependent on an extension of the PTC and what are your current thoughts on whether that will occur and the impact that that would have on your business for next year ? 
I think some of these lessons have been expensive , I fully understand that , but I believe the organization is a lot stronger than it was 18 months ago . 
And because of high usage of QC labor as we were struggling to deal with challenging environmental conditions and to correct problems in our paint line . 
We are in active discussions and would expect a significant order in Q 4 ; this is a prime example of how uncertainty around the renewal of the production task credit disrupts the supply chain . 
Because steel is essentially a pass - through to our customers , this does n 't impact our economics , but does change the reported order number for the nine months orders are slightly above last year despite the pricing adjustment . 
For our rental business in terms of cat equipment , but in general your comments around may be coming to the end of the cycle on used versus new was probably pretty fair . 
I am encouraged by an improvement in our working capital sales ratio , which is the lowest we 've seen in the last 6 / 4 . 
We estimate that the Escondida strike reduced our Ebit margin by about 30 basis points in the quarter and we expect a similar impact in the second quarter . 
Okay and I guess along a similar line as you think about optimizing your supply chain and increasing roic , how do you balance those objectives against the potential for ? 
The UK now ranks amongst the top cat dealers in the world for registered customers and users in this region : Our e - commerce channel is complemented by parts direct our centralized parts order processing team . 
The Uk and Ireland market remains uncertain in the wake of Brexit and the upcoming general election ; this is mitigated somewhat by the opportunity to participate in significant infrastructure projects . 
Yes again , I think a couple of things going on in the quarter in Canada that allowed the margins to improve one was mix so relative to Q 1 last year where we had . 
We also had good progress on the NED market path we went out with a customized offering for the electric load in New England . 
From the end of January of 2000 and 16 to the end of May May 20 of 2000 and 16 we 're still working through the full effect of that . 
As Ive said , the last 2 / 4 changes in revenues is not a good predictor of our performance . 
We 're still maintaining where we were in terms of demand for Co 2 , but we did not need to ramp up as quickly and that 's mostly . 
And that would be over 100 years of remaining resources relative to the current us natural gas demand . 
Which is a good thing we have issued into this challenged equity market for the last two quarters , creating at least a perceived overhang in the market for our equity . 
We believe in the medium and long term the market will value our common equity appropriately , and we believe the market will value our particular structure that is a simplified large - cap - cs corp with a substantial and growing dividend also appropriately . 
As we 've said before , with what 's happened in energy over the last 12 months , the coverage we projected last year and the consolidation transaction has taken a substantial hit . 
We 're continuing to generate the cash flow as I said if we want to grow at 10 % , we can grow at the 10 % so what I think people ought to be concerned about is what 's happening in the underlying business . 
So now we think that we probably can grow at 10 % longer term , but that the coverage would be very tight and could be negative in some years . 
On Forward - looking statements and use of non - gaap financial measures set forth at the end of our earnings release . 
Until we see additional demand , the additional production that we got from the first six wells or so was enough to take care of what we think we need so . 
Georgia DOT decision : We believe we 've demonstrated need or that our customers certainly have by having signed up the contracts that they did , and so we continue to make progress on it continue to pursue it and believe we 'll get it done . 
We 're going to continue to focus on the NEB process that we 're involved in and all the requirements of that while we continue our project . 
First or next four calendar years after completion of the transaction , the implementation costs will be incurred in the first two years after closing . 
In 2020 , and at the same time , then as you gradually move the volumes from one network to the other , you will also . 
That 's also what is stated in the presentation that we expect implementation cost to be cost in the first two years . 
And when we presented our Q 3 numbers , we had the good news of the fact that we 've won the court case with the CBB and I do n 't know how to translate in English CBB , but . 
That will take at least three to four month , but as you do know , ACM can ask questions to us . 
When there will be a decision of ACM and when the decision will not change from what we see . 
What we did do in 'eighteen is adjusting the organization and that 's how we did ; it is what you see on this slide as well as a gateway to Europe . 
Every number you see going forward is based on the assumption that we get an approval in Q 4 2000 and 19 , but also here with the caveat that it can take longer and then of course . 
Of utmost importance when it comes to future cost savings and potentially a new conclusion of ACM on significant market power . 
So more or less stable or comparable to what we 've seen in 2019 , please note that there 's one working day less . 
And that 's what we want to address at a Capital Markets Day which will be organized on May 7 that is also the day in which we will announce our Q 1 figures of 2000 and 19 and it will be combined with the Capital Markets Day . 
In the # 5 recovery boiler unit , manufacturing costs were consistent with the previous quarter . 
Clearly , I think all of us have been pleasantly surprised by just how stronger markets have been even in the last six months and even as we look at . 
We know that supply has become more of an issue in the BC interior , yet at the same time we know there 's probably going to be a lot of salvage . 
The pulpmarket appears well positioned for the remainder of the first quarter , and into the standard spring maintenance period in Q 2 we continue to be cautious around incremental pulp supply , but are encouraged by good demand from most regions . 
Actually were down there a couple of weeks ago with couple of our board members to , and we had chance to see some of it first hand , but there 's clearly a lot of it down there and that 's why we put a lot of effort in there in the last six to nine months . 
Now turning to page 20 Now we have a deep look on our financial figures . 
This is due to the fact that we brought forward some planned maintenance activities early in 2000 and 15 in order to accelerate efficiencies in the second half of the year . 
In the retail segment we have significantly increased the number of the customers , in particular we have reached 10 million free market power and gas customers in Italy . 
On top of this we continue to show a solid progression on the target growth to 2019 ; more than half of our target is secured as we speak . 
Most of the major overall of the company and the business plan is being taken care of during 15 and 16 , and those are the years that we wanted to protect . 
Into having most of the project in operation by the end of 2017 , this gives us significant flexibility in our ability to adapt to our CAPEX plan for . 
I think the Enel GP definition of challenging was in front of an acceleration that we have . 
This builds on the acquisition of dearbytes in January and further strength and scale and capability of KPNs security and public cloud services for all of our SME large enterprise and corporate customers . 
For example , we recently concluded a large deal with ABN AMRO where we will provide connectivity and security services . 
But they can also change from a handset subscription towards a sim - only subscription , especially also because besides the effect of the . 
Although service revenues are lower year - on - year , we see that the customer lifetime value per subscriber is actually improving again since 1 May driven by the factors I just mentioned . 
This new proposition is based on our consumer proposition and provides business features such as dedicated customer service and a promise to be back online within 12 hours . 
Specific percentages on a per quarter bases are always somewhat volatile , but we do see a further progress in business driven by the bundling in SME growth of it and new services , and of course an improving . 
Furthermore , these customers also receive fixed mobile benefits offered within KPN compleet in SME : We see strong interest in our converted fixed mobile and it services . 
By the end of 2019 we managed the simplification program on a project by Project Basis and Expect . 
Stripping these out , the Dutch revenue trend was in line with last quarter and adjusted Ebitda relatively flat ; January Kees will elaborate further on this later in the presentation . 
Of our three factories will actually play out for the fourth quarter , that 's going to define the level of profitability for us in data centers in the fourth quarter and that 's the uncertainty we have . 
We have two points ; several large orders have been received relating to the swine segment in our business area , aghort and swine production . 
We can see that here we have various projects in both EMEA , but mainly Asia Pacific growing well whilst again America has been a little bit lower . 
And it is in services so it 's in those three areas where we have the main investments in the air treatment business . 
Absent reversal by the Ninth Circuit PGEs claim against the surety will be tried in two phases ; the first phase will be - to determine whether PGEs termination of the contractor was appropriate . 
Is currently set for trial in June of 2017 , the second phase will determine damages and will proceed only if PGE is successful in the first phase . 
Which was partially offset by an increase in the decoupling mechanism and the AUGUST 1 price increase for placing Carty into service . 
I would tell you as you look out over time absent any new technologies , those numbers start coming down because we pretty much saturated the market with things like LED lighting and more efficient appliances and things like that so . 
Referring to slide two Id like to make our customary statements regarding Portland General Electric 's written and oral disclosures , there will be statements in this call that are not based on historical fact and as such constitute forward 's looking statements under current law . 
Including deliver operational excellence by meeting our 2016 operating and financial performance target . 
And if the IRP is acknowledged when could capital start flowing towards that and would that capital potentially displace ? 
And so while there is continued pressure on adding renewables , my sense is we need to get to the 50 % first before we take the next step and see how we are doing . 
Compared to 2015 and a slight decline in commercial and industrial deliveries . 
Wind generation for the remainder of the year based on five years of historic levels . 
And preparing for the trial in June on Phase I of the case around whether the termination was proper . 
Last week we announced our support of the Dea 's national drug take back . 
The proceeds from this disposition were used to repay the REITs construction facility and the remaining proceeds will be used to complete the retail parking garage being constructed at the office complex . 
And we may lose one or two and replace them , so we do n 't really see that there 's a lot of . 
At pretty attractive numbers , but before we actually commit to pull the trigger on those , we want to make sure we have a place to roll the money to so that we can execute the 1031 effectively . 
Also during the quarter , the REIT was pleased to provide occupancy to Porsche Cars Canada at their newly developed dealership , head office and training centre located at the REITs Consumers Road complex . 
Secure and then there 's another one in Houston that we 're hopefully going to at least make it to the shortlist , so I think that if Im picking up two out of twenty , it 's certainly not as good as it was twelve months ago . 
Maybe four weeks or one month minimum or maybe twelve months depending on the contract we agree upon with the customer . 
The remaining six months , and we will talk to most of you at the Capital Markets Day and those that can not participate , we will hear at least or can hear us . 
Let 's go through the details of the business units and I continue on page 6 of the slide deck . 
And this shows the excellent integration we have achieved between the two teams achieving a record time in opening this first store . 
So now you do n 't need to take away the merchandise , you just pay and go , and you get it delivered a few hours later to your home , this is very successful , has been deployed in six large cities in France and will be further expanded . 
This number of closures is a slight acceleration compared to the rate of six closures we 've had in the previous years . 
That we can have in '19 is the beginning of the investment on our new distribution centre in the north of France that 's . 
We believe the RPO market has tremendous potential on a worldwide scale . 
And organic growth without it 's going to be a very similar spread than what it was here in the second quarter , which is about three points of drag overall really for the company and pretty close or the same for staffing services . 
In April we were notified by Amazon of their intent to shift our scope of services over the next year ; the shift is to assist them with their highest - growth segment of their delivery system as they ramp upmore local delivery systems over the next two years . 
We 've seen that again here , for the first six months of - minute with California , I mean you could pretty much say minimum wage went into effect at this point in time . 
Our top priority here remains to produce strong organic revenue growth across all aspects of our business and leverage our cost structure to generate increasing Ebitdamargins . 
And then lay the two lines of the revenue trends over one another and they look almost like identical . 
Significantly we finally had the functional team in place for a full three months and the early signs of operating results from the organization working towards common goals and initiatives are very encouraging . 
We are over halfway through our A Hundred Days of Marketing campaign and are pleased with the results . 
While we continue to see strong interest from various lending sources to finance our MH and RV assets , the combination of several factors is contributing to additional scrutiny by lenders as they evaluate opportunities . 
Assessing what our expectations are for FFO : what our obligations are in terms of . 
With close to 1000 pictures being uploaded and posted by customers and we 're really focused on those marketing efforts to remind people to take advantage of the A Hundred Days of Camping . 
While the transient component of our RV business only represents 5 % of our overall revenue , it is an important feeder for the rest of our RV business . 
These factors include market conditions , post - brexit , the amount of capacity life companies have as they come close to meeting their annual allocations , and the appetite GSes have for financing RV assets . 
For the year 10 % of our new and used home sales were existing renters buying the home they were living in and an additional 5 % of our sales were from customers who were already living in the community and chose to purchase a different home in the community . 
As we announced earlier in the year we no longer sell our paint products to Mitre 10 New Zealand and are now aligned with bunnings in big box hardware retailing in New Zealand , the transition occurred later in the year and resulted in amodest decline in profit for the New Zealand business . 
And finally our small Southeast Asian business grew ebit with growth in Vietnam , a key driver . 
The footprint of the factory is approximately the size of two very large Bunnings stores . 
Because it was only a few years ago , we had 10 % share of the new housing market , so we 're not just going to chase share for Share 's sake . 
Impact per se , in terms of our strategy of looking to hold our overall ebit margins , it 's just one of the variables . 
You may recall that New Zealand is around 10 % of segment Ebit , we were pleased that this impact was absorbed within the overall segment result . 
We 've purchased a 17 - hectare site and as you can see from the map we expect to use just under half of this area for the new factory . 
And around 70 % of which are over 20 years old with high levels of homeownership and the strong emotional connection to the home we continue to see that our consumers invest in brands and products they trust . 
These sectors in the market overall have being weak in F - 15 and the outlook is that they will remain weak for F - 16 with the emerging pipeline of civil construction projects . 
This investment has a positive NPV and strong financial payback driven by the cost savings associated with having a single site . 
And what we 've really done in , particularly the last 12 to 18 months , is launched a whole array of new products , so now we do n 't just have our panel lift door and our more premium panel lift icon door . 
But we also see the power of physical marketing and our new Studio D concept which we 've opened as a pop up in Melbourne with our Dulux business is an example of how we are continually innovating in our decorative paints business . 
Clearly , the transitional issues that impacted the first half of F - 15 were disappointing ; however , we do believe that the opportunity for growth in this business remains very strong and that we are well placed to deliver . 
From a cost perspective we 've already mentioned that we restructured the Parchem business in F - 15 some of the details are outlined on the slide , but we believe that we have achieved savings and increased business capability at the same time . 
We have provided some specific guidance about the transitional impact of the exit of Dulux paints from Mitre 10 in New Zealand , particularly in the first half . 
On page 14 you can see the breakdown of the revenue you can see that . 
And then the second question is regarding the VA : I understand from some - minute from talks with some of your competitors that there is sometimes . 
I think the one where we still benefit a lot from an inorganic component on the retail side is in Germany , where we 've acquired a larger chain with 50 stores , which was still fully in the inorganic side . 
Unfortunately , and I think we were pretty clear on that when we talked about Marvel in May at the capital market , we will not get the Marvel into the VA contract at this term . 
An exception with the VA where , if you bring a significant product , you can actually enter . 
On page 6 , as the ones who had a chance to come to Capital Markets Day heard me say no change in the principal strategy of Sonova , we like our vertically integrated business model . 
A quick recap on the four growth drivers we shared at the strategy discussion . 
A significant investment into the high - growth developing markets before we get later into the numbers , just a little bit our reporting as well as organizational structure restructured in three businesses . 
So please if you correct that in your notes it 's still a good ASP increase . 
Some form of an otc product , and if it is just to upsell people , so that 's certainly close to home and you would probably do with some form of brand from ourselves . 
I think after five years of leadership for the cochlear implant business being - 2 sitting here in Switzerland . 
Of why we like the progress of the business over the last years and also the last 12 months since Im here . 
We 've seen an unprecedented high number of preorders at UHA , we also have seen in the following launch events in all the different countries we are selling in . 
They are not a pain , nor do you need to take any precautionary measures when you go for an MRI , so that late launch will obviously have an impact into how we think about the second half for the cochlear implant business . 
Where are we right now and where do we go to , and it considers the entire form factor that is launched excluding the VA business that we have not yet launched it in , so Tom it 's not just top of the line . 
I do n 't foresee any significant other changes on that level , I think it 's fair to say that over the last 12 months we have made some new assignments on people who are leading countries . 
Looking next at new contracts within CoreCivic safety in July , we began receiving offenders from the city of Mesa , Arizona at our Central Arizona Florence Correctional Complex under a three - year contract . 
The new contract has an initial term of two years and is renewable for additional periods by mutual agreement . 
For new contracts to be awarded , ICE will likely have to issue a formal request for proposal . 
Through October and the first week of November we have continued to see increased occupancy levels from ice . 
At the federal level , future needs include ice demand of up to 3000 beds pursuant to a request for information ICE just published last month . 
Enables you to calculate our estimated effective income tax rate of 5 % to 6 % and provides you with our estimate of total depreciation and interest expense . 
On this call we will discuss certain non - gaapmeasures : A reconciliation of the most comparable gaapmeasurement is provided in our corresponding earnings release and included in the supplemental financial data on the investors page of our website . 
The original RFP was also seeking a potential county jail addition to the existing facility in order to replace the county 's existing jail in downtown Chattanooga . 
The Bureau continues to project a need for additional bed capacity for the private sector and is progressing through the process as part of the car xix procurement . 
The process for nominating and receiving Senate confirmations for new us attorneys continues to move forward ; these individuals , of course , are the nation 's principal litigators that operate under the direction of the Attorney General . 
But more importantly , ICE will likely also need Congress to increase their annual appropriations for detention and removal operations . 
As our average daily population of offenders from California actually increased by about a hundred offenders . 
Of the three GSA properties , I think it woke up lot of folks that own these assets or brokers that sell these assets . 
And then also no one single contract , over 10 % we think we have diminished the risk that maybe worried investors here in the last couple of years . 
Since joining CoreCivic in 2007 , Patrick has served in a number of critical leadership roles that have provided him with Meaningful Company - wide knowledge and experience while supporting and leading our efforts to grow and diversify our company . 
We worked with ICE to adjust the contract to make the unused capacity available to other partners . 
As of the beginning of August , all aspects of Proposition 57 were in effect . 
Our guidance continues to reflect a gradual increase of offenders from the State of Ohio under a contract we signed in April for up to 996 offenders to be cared for at our Northeast Ohio Correctional Center . 
So we actually have had a lot of inbound interest here , in a short period of time we 've probably looked at probably 20 or 30 properties that have been on market or maybe off market for transactions . 
But we 've really come to appreciate here in the last 12 months ; there is a lot of old antiquated facilities out there . 
Although the facility never lost power , we were fully prepared with backup diesel generators and had ample food supplies for our ice detainees . 
Given the path and expected strength of the hurricane winds , there was no need to relocate any of the inmates and detainees across the seven affected facilities . 
And their ability to address other critical infrastructure needs and we look forward to the announcement of this RFP by the end of the year . 
While this process plays out over the balance of the year and into 2018 , the average daily prison populations for the Marshals Service are expected to continue to gradually increase . 
Continuing with ICE , the agency issued a request for information for either new or existing detention capacity of up to 3000 beds . 
Over multiple economic cycles and governmental administrations that will span the 10 - year term of the notes . 
In Chile we have the recent openings of the office towers in our mall in Concepcion with a leasing area around 11000 m2 . 
Has already added a leasing area of around 7000 m2 and has already inaugurated some of their first stores . 
Please go on to slide five and we will review other relevant facts through the period . 
In this way , and as we have mentioned in the previous slides , the cost per risk was stable and at a lower level than seen in 2017 as we can also see in the graph in the lower right side of the slide . 
Now we will go on to slide 13 , please now we will see the evolution that Ripley has had . 
Of 5 . 4 % in regards to the same quarter of 2017 , the improved performance was achieved thanks to a better management in sales and to more sales associated to the World Cup . 
A sense of what can change so dramatically in the space of three months . 
Or two to six months after that lumber was dropped on the lot , and so you would see that particular cost line potentially having some pressure , but I would tell you that we would expect to see some of those things offset by other decreases . 
To quarter and that 's why we guide around 20 , and we can see some quarterly volatility due to some of those other factors that you mentioned . 
The people that just do n 't want to live next door to a two - story with a bunch of kids and those buyers are out there . 
Once again keep in mind that combined with a 70 % generics penetration rate , introduction of new generic drugs and price decreases reduced pharmacy 's retail sales growth . 
During the second quarter we introduced a new brand of cosmetics , NYX , exclusive to our network and very popular with the younger clientele . 
During the second quarter we proposed various health - related initiatives to our customers such as information campaigns pertaining to the implementation of Bill 41 and campaigns related to severe allergies . 
The rest it was really made of investment in the development of the training material for the new POS system that will be . 
Such as higher labor expense for annual inflation and higher volume handled in our warehouse additional support to our new stores in the network and expense in it to improve the network performance . 
During the second quarter - minute that 's on slide 6 , we have put forward many different marketing initiatives such as special weekly flyers where many door - crasher prices were announced . 
If you look back in a couple of years ago in fiscal '14 your script . 
The quarter saw a very successful implementation of the new TRID regulations in all our regions . 
Of 1995 actual results and trends could differ materially from those set forth in such statements due to various risks , uncertainties and other factors . 
Of our annual report on Form 10 - K and as updated by our quarterly reports on Form 10 - Q . 
Period and about 9 % lower on a year - over basis , we would expect activity to pick up as we progress further into the first quarter . 
Our C3 alliance also extends our solution and is a key differentiator for us with prospects and customers who are looking for more cooperation among vendors . 
The biggest contributor to our license revenue growth was add - on business existing customers recognize the exceptional value we provide in protecting their / it infrastructure and are expanding with additional licenses and new products . 
Reconcile those two different data points and where you 're seeing leverage relative to maybe a quarter ago when you gave the initial guide . 
Drive improvements and then in GDPR : What is your current thinking in terms of timing of when that starts to drive additional purchases ? 
We also displaced a large legacy vendor in a us civilian agency , the vast majority of our new business deals are still greenfield , but it 's rewarding when prospects determine that our solution is a better strategic fit to secure their infrastructure . 
To having the approximately 20 conjur employees , the majority of who are developers or in technical roles join the team this week . 
Our second quarter non - gaap operating income guidance reflects the full run rate of the headcount increases we 've made in the first quarter . 
One new win , a consumer manufacturing company , is integrating three of CyberArk 's products into what the customer identifies as an Internet of Things project . 
As well as dramatic momentum in APJ , Im just back from our customer event in APJ and based on my discussion with customers and partners , I am confident there is significant untapped opportunity across the region . 
Our interactions with existing customers and prospects increased dramatically again this year ; we conducted deep dive sessions with Cs level executives to identify ways we could help them better secure their infrastructure . 
We have actually now during April already repaid more than half of the 19 maturities it was a bond that was maturing that we have repaid . 
And iron ore partly or maybe even mainly because of the Vale accident during Q 1 , iron ore prices have really spiked during this quarter . 
We have two main priorities when we look into operation ; the most important one is within safety . 
What I think as we said the last time we met that we are investing now in mobile to take up capacity with another a hundredoh , oh zero tonnes and I think . 
So therefore in Q 1 we had the somewhat higher price than we would have thought given that we got the better mix in Q 1 in Q 2 where we expect volumes to be higher we will also have a slightly worse mix from that point of view . 
So firstly your perception on that and then secondly can you talk about how you see your position in the market over the next two years considering new capacity coming online how you . 
Our equipment revenue were up by 13 % and this is coming from much higher unitary price . 
But also improved average uptake on the ARPU of next transactions that we are going to see . 
As always rigorous cost control throughout the organization is part of our DNA , this has been a key focus area for several years as this is one of the main reason why and how we remain competitive . 
It 's in three years so we would probably say that it 's in the lower part of the range and I would say probably as we speak now and what we know . 
Are your expectation for putting this program into the CST location ? 
And preparing for full rebranding of Circle K and Couche - Tard in the CST network , the rebranding this year will focus on markets where both brands are present today . 
Taking all of this into account what would you say the pro forma Ebitda is of the network now ? 
Now Ill touch on our most recent acquisition , which we announced on 7 / 10 Since we had the call two days ago , Ill just go over the highlights . 
What are the critical steps and specifically with CST , how do you see the entire integration playing out ? 
The next questions come from Mark Petrie from CIBC : I think the first question was around tax rate and we 've already addressed those so moving to the second question . 
It all starts with being in the right places today ; Enlink is focused on five core areas , the stack in central Oklahoma . 
Our Cajun - Sibon system brings much needed NGL supplies into the region and our expansive asset base serves these growing demand markets in customers . 
Today we have one of the best positions in the stack , both in terms of our infrastructure and diverse and active customer base . 
While rig count growth supports the spectrum of opportunity in central Oklahoma and the Permian , the scale of the LNG capacity in industrial consumption provides gas - related opportunities in Louisiana . 
To have bidirectional capability and then taking that a step further , maybe an update with regard to how you see the evolution of what 's going to be downstream of everything that you 're doing in the stack . 
Of the five we signed - one of them is with the public company , but four of them were private equity backed company and so inherently the timing is a little bit uncertain because what those companies tend to do is to appraise their acreage and then they may explore a sale . 
Maintaining a strong balance sheet is a priority for us , and we are pleased with the recent recognition from Moody 's with their upgrade of our corporate family rating from Ba 2 to Ba 1 and the affirmation of a stable outlook . 
As you recall in our last earnings call , we told you that the first quarter 2017 would look a lot like fourth quarter 2016 and that 's right about where we landed . 
We expect that the majority of EnLCs cash available for distribution growth in 2017 , we waited to the second half of the year in large part driven by segment profit growth on our Oklahoma footprint . 
Our next step is to take riptide to a 200 million a day plant . 
As I think about all that is underway at Enlink today and the progress we 've achieved , I see three main keys to our success . 
And it 's these three keys to success that I believe are important to take away from our discussion today : Enlink is in the right places with the right partners and is executing with excellence . 
As a growing midstream service provider , it 's critical to be where the activity is and today more than half of the total us rigs are located in the stack and Permian basins . 
Leading producers in the stack are testing spacing profiles in the multiple landing zones of the Meramec and Woodford formations , as well as evaluating the Osage , Oswego and Sycamore formations . 
In Oklahoma we team with over 20 producer customers and we are one of the only midstream companies that has commercial agreements in place with the vast majority of major producers . 
We brought our Chisholm II gas plant into service , increasing processing capacity by 200 million cubic feet a day in the stack , and added incremental customers and contracts to our expanding business there . 
The way our stack system is configured , our high pressure gathering frontline generally gathers from the west towards the Chisholm plant in the east . 
We do n 't have perfect clarity on that where we are today one thing we need to resolve is our NGL solution in Oklahoma so that we understand . 
We see the potential for that , but we need to see what our NGL solution is going to look like out of Oklahoma . 
Our objective with the Entyce launch was to leverage the experience that we gained in launching NoCita and Galliprant , and we are pleased to report this morning that we believe we have achieved initial success on that objective . 
And the primary quantitative metric by which we 're measuring interest is the number of clinics that have ordered Entyce and we are pleased to be well ahead of our objective on that metric . 
At any rate we believe that veterinarians are very excited to have Entyce in their toolbox and we are very pleased to see veterinarians using the therapeutic tool . 
We believe that we have strategically balanced our direct sales organization with distributors to optimize the early Entyce commercial efforts . 
We are also aware that veterinarians are frustrated with their treatment options in cats , and some veterinarians are treating cats with Entyce even now . 
We are pleased to have more than doubled our goal for the fourth quarter of 2017 in terms of accounts that ordered product and we continue to be very pleased with the rate at which we are adding accounts . 
We believe that the long - term success of Entyce will be driven by veterinarians become increasingly comfortable with its use . 
I mentioned during the last results call that we had expected to see seasonal softness in Nocita sales given our expectation at that time . 
While the payments received from this therapeutic during the clinical study will be very modest in 2018 , we are pleased to have advanced to this phase . 
We are also working directly with several national and regional corporate customers ; we believe that Entyce is well represented in the clinics and we are having success in defining and building this new therapeutic category . 
And we are certainly already seeing reorders during the first quarter of 2018 we continue to see movie - out into the clinics at approximately the same rate as what we saw in the first month . 
I will discuss the early experience with Entyce in more detail in a few moments . 
About their experience with Entyce , so we believe that our enthusiasm for Entyce is shared by veterinarians and pet owners and the primary quantitative metric by which we are measuring interest . 
As we get further into 2018 , we anticipate that inventory levels across the channel will stabilize and we will see more robust sequential growth and a tighter correlation between shipments to distributors and movie 's out to clinics . 
Now that we are approximately one year into the launch , we believe the inventory in the sales channel has stabilized . 
Which may place the achievement of the milestone into 2000 and 19 we anticipate we will finance the company 's needs as appropriate with . 
In 'seventeen , so if we think about 'eighteen , what 's a reasonable kind of gross profit ? 
Our strategy in this area is all about leveraging the versatile and adaptable G 1 platform in ways that allow us to bring new technologies to the market faster while expanding our market share . 
Additional information will be available when we file our form 10 - Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
We continue to take cost out of our products and find new ways to add value through technology , with the integrated tic being a prime example . 
Overall , the fundamentals and key drivers of MSAs business are starting to point in the right direction . 
Please member that MSA does not give guidance and that precludes most discussion related to our expectations for future sales and earnings , having said that we will now open up the call for your questions . 
Maybe not 20 plus % like we were able to see last year , but we still have good solid expectations for fall protection in this business . 
Look at the G 1 and to identify the great features of it and features that they think they could improve upon . 
Looking closer at our first quarter results in core products , we saw a 3 % decline in constant currency compared to a year ago . 
Over the life of the SCBA , which is obviously a key value proposition for us . 
Despite the challenging comparison in revenue in the first quarter resulting from large SCBA and ballistic helmet orders a year ago , we saw strong improvements in the first . 
Well , I think that the - minute our experience in developing the G 1 was that it took a very significant amount of investment . 
The order performance in all three of those categories as well as I Think You suggested the backlog was up at the end of the first quarter . 
Our overall fall protection backlog was about 40 % higher at the end of the first quarter . 
Our associates around the world live by MSAs core values every day and at the center of this culture is our foundational core value of integrity . 
Despite some of the challenges we faced in the quarter on the top line as Ken indicated , We were able to grow adjusted earnings by 24 % and drive higher levels of free cash flow I was really pleased by this . 
And took us five years to bring that to market with the amount of voice of customer research that we did in order to hit the bull 's eye the way we did . 
If you have not already done so , we encourage you to download the quarterly report on form 10 - Q and the slides to use on this call . 
Moving to Slide 7 , we recently launched the new Syniverse brand as the world 's most connected company . 
Favorable results in terms of the MTS growth portfolio and that 's an example of a new product introduction and new innovation on data analytics . 
Today 's call will also include a discussion of certain non - gaapmeasures including adjusted Ebitda and free cash flow ; you will find a reconciliation of each of these items , as well as other information about our use of these nons gaapmeasures . 
Moving to slide 5 , we are expanding our offerings in the ways in which we go to market to serve our customers as the new syniverse and that includes partnerships . 
These declines were mostly offset by another strong quarter of growth in our EIS business as well as our MTS growth products . 
Our capital spending during the first nine months of 2000 and 18 continued to be primarily focused on enhancing existing . 
Kind of unique customer dynamics that actually happened in the third quarter of last year when this eu roaming regulation actually went into effect . 
Moving to slide 12 , let 's take a look at our free cash flow calculation for the nine months ended September 30 and Ill close with some balance sheet comments . 
We probably had more of an impact in 2000 and 17 , but we do still have products . 
We start from a set of unique strengths that we still have despite the tough market environment , they include the fact that I believe now after two and a half years in the business that we have one of the most powerful brands in the business . 
To add new restaurants to the royalty pool so this year on January , One Pizza Pizza ltd added restaurants that had . 
In discussions with the FDA and we 'll very soon be able to finalize . 
Revenues and expenses included in IFRS basis next slide this shows the positive and negative factors on each business impacting our revenue in the first quarter . 
I am sure you would agree that without the agreement of the FDA we will not be able to release any data before the study is completed in two years . 
The medical community has also recognized the profound breakthrough that Spinraza represents for the treatment of SMA patients with two publications in the New England Journal of Medicine , the most just a few weeks ago . 
Consistent with our goal of being amultiproduct profitable company , we project 2018 will be our third consecutive year of pro forma operating profitability . 
We have a detailed publication and medical education plan mapped out for the next 18 months to support the global launch . 
We significantly exceeded our improved financial guidance for 2017 and ended the year in the strongest financial position in the company 's history . 
Up 25 % last year , with no indication that growth is slowing yet this year . 
Let 's turn to page 11 Northstar portfolio performance : I want to reiterate from previous calls that we evaluate each business at the contribution margin level . 
I guess five or six weeks in Gettington and just give us a sort of . 
Turning to page 7 , you 'll see the things we 're focusing on in response to these challenges . 
We experienced a a a hundred basis point deterioration in marketing leverage during the first quarter , although we adjusted our marketing spend in response to soft sales demand , we were unable to fully offset the lower response rates on our marketing campaigns . 
We did see a 60 - basis point improvement in credit operating cost during the quarter . 
Some sort of guidance be that as revenue or ebitda with respect to any or all of your . 
And you see it - in you see that behavior kind of going right through zero right because the margin book continues to grow as well , so customers even getting more comfortable borrowing we see new entrants into the margin book . 
For the roughly one million relationships coming on board , TCA has been part of the family for about three months now , and the transition has been exceptionally smooth ; our new business momentum continues just as we put the strength of our brand behind it . 
Increase is largely driven by a timing difference between our recent June debt issuance and the redemption of our trup securities . 
At levels that TCA historically would n 't participate right , so call it in the hundreds of millions of dollars rather than the tens to a hundred million in terms of players a lot of that has to do with . 
Historically , there 's been about a 15 % keep of the assets that come through us on a year basis as they vest and flow through those accounts . 
I would expect that we will go through where we are on the four growth metrics that we put out there , but remember that those growth - the growth goals we put out - were really client business metrics . 
And very importantly we continued to reap the benefits of our optionsHouse acquisition now nearly two years post deal closed driving improved metrics and expending the platform and offerings to our most active trading client base . 
For early extinguishment of debt in Q 3 associated with the redemption of the trups , the vast majority of which were redeemed earlier this week . 
We 'll be there on Tuesday , March 13 to meet with investors and present investment highlights , and so now Ill turn the call over to Randy . 
For those of you who may be interested in exploring this further , we published amarket update in our website on January 23 that provides our perspective on the rapidly evolving FCEV car market . 
I do n 't think we want to a give specific number at this point , one thing that 's important this year is is regardless of the actual production volume is to validate the production capacity of 20000 stacks per year . 
By moving to more shifts and also getting that second automated line operational , so when we talk about production capacity for 20000 , I personally believe that 's a very conservative production capacity number . 
In terms of 2018 outlook in Europe , we expect increased market activity during the year related to fuel cell electric buses , which we expect will result in the growth of purchase orders for modules . 
Within technology solutions we worked on over 30 programs in the year , many of which Randy mentioned earlier . 
Last year specifically related to the completion of that joint venture TS program . 
We Believe Ballard is the first publicly traded fuel cell company to achieve positive adjusted Ebitda for an entire fiscal year . 
We are now transitioning to supply relationship with the JV based on our take - or pay agreement for the supply by Ballard of any age to the joint venture . 
For five engines to power buses in Palm Desert and those engines were shipped last year . 
Technology solutions also benefited from revenue associated with the TS program with partners in China as we implemented key elements of our supply chain strategy for that market . 
How orders get processed under milestone C , which was a first time for going through that process for us ? 
A recent report from the Hydrogen Council profiled the development stage of many of these FCEV applications . 
Simple as 500 commercial trucks being deployed in Shanghai , all using the same converters and the same stacks and the same modules . 
A number of the systems , integrators and potential partners in that market we 've had very good progress with over the last six months , in particular the other thing that 's really important is we 've been working . 
While the Q 2 numbers were soft , we are seeing some green shoots which give us confidence that we 'll see improvement in the back half . 
Let me now turn it over to Brian to discuss our Q 2 performance in more detail thanks Irene and good morning before I get into the quarter , let me provide more details on the malware incident and where we currently stand in our recovery . 
Over the past four weeks we 've worked tirelessly to restore our systems and recover from the disruption . 
Let me now turn to our regional performance , we continue to see solid trends underlying the results in three of our four regions . 
Driven by the lower trade stock levels associated with DSD as we 've said this is also the market where we had the majority of our lost consumption due to the July four holiday timing . 
As well as Milka in China , which continued to perform well , approximately 60 % of our year - to - date revenue grew or held share in this category . 
We continue to expect to deliver Double - digit EPs growth for the full year . 
As you think about your models for the next 2 / 4 , remember that Q 4 is seasonally a higher revenue quarter . 
Yes , look there 's no question as we think about the second half , so you can do the math on what we need to do in the second half to get to at least one that 's still - we need a good second half . 
He 's lived and worked on three continents and has proven his ability to drive growth on both the top and bottom lines . 
Those places that we 're getting the best return to work with our customers to understand the ROI of some of the various promotional practices that are going on . 
But I will tell you we are seeing early success and part of the challenge is , we 've been talking about this for quite some time , they announced six to nine months ago , and we told you what we were going to do and now we 're actually about doing it so we have every confidence . 
Slightly down from where we were in the first half of last year , but roughly in the range of where we 've been as we look at the last 6 / 4 or so . 
Manufacture our products and serve customer needs given the timing of the attack we experienced meaningful disruption in our ability to ship and invoice during the last four days of the quarter . 
Our white space chocolate expansion and gains in displays and shelf space as we capitalize on our competitor 's transition out of its DSD network . 
For the last four days of the quarter and into the third quarter we had limited ability to ship and invoice customers in many markets . 
You 'll note that we 're absorbing the dilution from the two divestitures , but we 're also adjusting our outlook for interest expense for the year and the two items roughly offset one another . 
Im indebted to my 90000 colleagues around the world who have worked tirelessly to deliver their commitments each and every day in the face of many challenges . 
By now Im sure you 've seen our two press releases and you 're all googling furiously , so before we discuss our second quarter results , let me take a few minutes to talk about my decision to retire and our plans for CEO succession . 
It has been the honour of a lifetime to serve as chairman and CEO of this great company . 
Dirk will become CEO effective in November and I look forward to continuing to serve as chairman of our board until the end of the first quarter next year to ensure a smooth transition . 
Maintaining significant buffer over minimum levels in the course of 2000 and 18 , but we expect that this comfort level for us . 
The need of VTB to comply with the regulatory ratios and banks are different from all other state companies because they do need to comply with the regulatory capital ratios . 
And we hope to be able to make the FID on the infrastructure shortly . 
A recent development is that the has taken measures to import LNG by signing an agreement with Equatorial Guinea . 
At zero for the first half of this year we are very pleased , with this result it 's also a kpi that our clients pay a lot of attention to and we , of course . 
Large volumes of LNG available at competitive prices . 
This is only done if the first two options do n 't provide a better solution . 
Gross margin rate performance to increase 10 - 15 basis points : We would expect more significant improvement in the first quarter with the remainder of the year with very modest improvement . 
In the fourth quarter where it underperformed actually the most of all of our six business categories and also for the year where it was similar in terms of underperformance and . 
Ill start today 's call by walking through our financial results and then Kevin will provide an operational update and our thoughts on 2017 We 'll then open up the call to your questions . 
And I ca n 't point to the fourth quarter of last year as amassive improvement there because we spent more on marketing and we actually did fewer sales so you 're 100 % right on that , but we do see . 
At the close of business on March 8 , Ill now turn it over to Kevin , who will provide some additional insights on our results . 
And those two facts really help inform how we look going forward at stores . 
And finally our localization efforts now impact about 85 % of our assortment and are having a positive impact on sales as well as reducing inventory levels at the same time . 
Moving on to our focus on store optimization as you know , we made a decision to close 18 stores last year , with most closing in June . 
Would be to try to get to at a cost basis of closer to 4 % over the course of time , Im not going to burden the new CFO with that expectation , but I think if you go back and look at some of our statistics . 
For a year and some of the customers actually were with us for two years as they were part of our pilot group , so I think Michelle and the rest of the marketing team have done a good job . 
Our credit portfolio typically operating with closer to two times leverage so I would expect to see our portfolio leverage decrease over time as we increase our allocation to residential credit . 
Market reflection of where they think short - term Libor is going over the 12 months , but during that 12 th - month period for those particular . 
From my perspective , I would like to briefly point out what I believe are the three - bullet - point takeaways from our activities during the third quarter . 
These and other risks uncertainties and factors , including those discussed under the heading risk factors in our annual report on Form 10 - K and other reports that we file . 
Whose coupon rates adjust to market interest rates within the next 12 months and annually thereafter . 
We do think that the new rules of ECB may represent an opportunity for compass because . 
Condition precedent like a CP like in a contract saying that we wanted to do it only provided that we should have found a very robust and sound . 
Use and satisfaction with our stapling and energy products has been rising as Gen 4 products have increased in the installed base . 
With growth led by hysterectomy , we continue to see an increasing proportion of us gynecology procedures being performed by physicians that specialize in complex benign and cancer surgery who tend to be users of Da Vinci systems . 
While a proportion of vats remained virtually unchanged during the study period , the robotic rate grew as open declined . 
Product cycles and competitive factors within this framework we 'd expect 2018 capital placement seasonality to generally follow historical patterns by quarter . 
This month , the Ministry of Health in Japan listed for reimbursement 12 procedures in which da Vinci could be used in addition to prostatectomy and nephrectomy , which are already reimbursed . 
With nearly 300 systems installed in Japan , the level of system expansion over the year or so - minute over the next year or so is difficult to predict . 
As our business strengthened , we increased some investment through 2017 to strengthen our corporate infrastructure and position us to benefit from increased scale . 
Preliminary results were reported at the CHEST conference in Q 4 of 2017 : Feedback from physicians evaluating our technology relative to existing and emerging alternatives has been strongly supportive of our efforts . 
In Q 1 we expect amodest procedure headwind compared to Q 1 2017 as a result of our estimates of working days , mostly due to the timing of the Good Friday holiday . 
Japan is a great example of thinking through how do you do these tam calculations because we 'll see what the mix is with regard to laparoscopy versus . 
Note that in the future , as the IRS issues additional guidance and interpretation of the new tax law , our estimated rate may be impacted . 
And so we did see a number of customers in Europe trade out their SIS for X product . 
Our voluntary personal lines policies increased by almost 4000 policies during the quarter . 
Massachusetts and Rhode Island were filed maybe 60 days ago and we are working with those departments . 
Which was the same as the second quarter of 2014 , the current quarter 's loss ratio was favorably impacted by the inclusion of commercial residential business and favorable prior quarter development . 
The acquisition of Zephyr Insurance is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2015 or the first quarter of 2016 subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals . 
For 2000 and 16 on January 31 , Dan was hit by a vehicle while he was cycling and following the accident he was hospitalized for an extended period of time . 
We have won major body camera contracts with our first three state patrols , which we believe was enabled knowing that we have a compatible in - car solution coming to market . 
With our existing axon capabilities , we have been able to reduce the time it takes to redact one hour of video . 
With nearly two patrol cars for every three officers and the increasingly positive feedback from our trials , we see the Axon fleet in - car camera as a tremendous opportunity to extend our capabilities . 
Since the event Dan has not been able to act in his CFO capacity and he will likely not be returning , we are thankful that he has now been released from the hospital and he is now recuperating at home and is expected to make a full recovery . 
These two strategic investments will highly differentiate our offering in a way that no one else can deliver and can create a highly defensible platform that will continue to pull further ahead of our competition . 
In half from eight hours , using other solutions to four hours using our solution today , we expect to reduce that time from four hours down to just 90 minutes by the end of this year with our new ai feed and capabilities . 
Thanks Rick , we had an exceptionally strong fourth quarter and full year 2016 and I am proud to share the highlights of our accomplishment . 
We had several notable bookings in Q 4 , as we continue to consolidate the market Louisiana State Police went with full deployment on the Axon platform on our unlimited plan for all officers . 
Longer term we see the opportunity for the axon segment hardware margins in the 50 % range as service plan upgrades start to kick in . 
We spent the last two years really revamping our whole structure , going much more with a direct sales force . 
We intend that such forward - looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , the forward 's looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding Taser International . 
In doing so , we are moving forward aggressively with the implementation of Ai technology to help our customers make use of all the data that they are recording while significantly reducing their workload . 
All three are critical and we now have achieved a uniquely powerful combination of these three elements . 
This will represent a huge savings in time and resources , and within the next five years we believe that number could drop to zero as Ai does all of the work without requiring any human interaction . 
This is where our ecosystem of devices , software and users now powered by Ai will be a game changer . 
Was 6 x up from 4 . 9 x in the prior quarter on higher bookings we view this ratio as one of the key operating metrics used by management to evaluate the effectiveness and validation of our strategy . 
Please note that the anticipated sequential increase in Q 1 operating expenses is in addition to the expenses relating to our two recent artificial intelligence acquisitions . 
Our company 's advantages in Ai are n 't just somewhat better than our competitors ; it 's structurally superior all systematic incentives for progress in Ai for us are aligned towards deepening our market lead in users . 
Our Ai tools will extract the information for the police record system and in the future that we are building records will be recorded not written . 
We continue to add users to the Axon platform and ended the year with almost 95000 active paid licenses . 
For further analysis using our data with npi - c and as well as some of the other tools that we use in our study . 
The data in more depth particularly related to their questions to assess the potential risks associated with future development of the D 5 program , so it has taken us a little bit longer . 
Of course , our future burn rate will be dependent on whether we partner the D 5 technology . 
As well as the T 4 technology and perhaps any cost associated with the development of SARM or any new license technology that we have this year so looking ahead . 
Over the past six months , the company has explored multiple refinancing alternatives to ensure we would achieve the best possible terms with the right long - term partners . 
At retailers such as CVS and Walgreens we also recently announced a new partner for the brand in several home fragrance categories and one continues to be a key performer . 
We continue to focus on our six core brands that represent 80 % of our business . 
This was a great opportunity to showcase the and one brand with top young players wearing our sneakers . 
We are on track to launch a fragrance and color cosmetics line later this year , and hair and skin care in 2019 Joe 's continues to show strength domestically as well as internationally . 
The premium A - 1 by and one collection is on track to launch in specialty stores and boutiques later this year . 
Holiday dressing and an extended assortment of tops and bottoms , QVC continues to be a great platform for us to introduce and test new product categories . 
And other risks detailed from time to time in the company 's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q and the annual report on Form 10 - K . 
So what are the next key steps in our strategic plan to turn around this company and let 's focus just on three our first step is to hire five new sales reps as fast as possible . 
So I covered just a few thoughts and our numbers for the quarter ending September 32016 spent a few minutes on our recent transaction with Invekra and how this transaction fits into our overall corporate strategy . 
We 've lined up a strong product pipeline to be launched over the next 12 months with about one new product launch . 
We will continue to manufacture at cost for Invekra until they can establish their own manufacturing facility , which we estimate to take about three to six months . 
We feel that Oculus is in the best shape that we 've ever been in for two reasons : 1 Oculus has effectively executed a turnaround strategy in a very attractive dermatology market . 
And so - is and then obviously hire them , so we 're going to start doing that right away , and we think that we can as Jim mentioned hire an additional five fairly quickly in the January timeframe . 
Our table win was down a little more than 7 % table drop was down just over 3 % , but our hold percentage was also down about a point compared to last year leading to the revenue decline . 
From the fact that the Thursday and Friday of our sister company 's NASCAR weekend fell in the third quarter this year and also from lower convention rooms compared to last year . 
Our slot win was fairly close to the fourth quarter of last year ; it was down a little more than 1 % MGM opened in the National Harbour on December 8 , and while they may have a had a small effect on the numbers for the balance of the month . 
A lower table game hold percentage , extremely lucky sports betting patrons , lower convention volume , and the changed timing of our sister company 's NASCAR race weekend and the higher health care cost across the board as Denis mentioned . 
In Q 2 we 've continued to demonstrate our ability to efficiently operate . 
During Q 2 we signed a number of new customer contracts and continued to see a growing pipeline of new opportunities driven by both our direct and indirect sales channels by way of example . 
To work in concert with their office devices we believe we are well positioned to strongly compete for market share in the SMB VoIP category . 
We also continued to identify potential areas for cost reductions to maximize cash flow from the consumer business in Q 2 ; we launched an aggressive initiative to overhaul customer care . 
So we 're trying to convert those folks just as we tried and were successful in converting about 2 % more or less of the app users who were using the service for free . 
Regarding our ongoing focus on cost controls , we 've continued to identify areas of additional cost savings in Q 2 , including the reduction in termination expense through elimination of our free voice app calling . 
A lower price for a number of blocks in Canada : We 're getting rid of amonthly minimum that we were stuck with for many many years because the contract was , I think , over three years in duration . 
Things that really do n 't cost us very much money like a power bank on 5 - year plan where there is extraordinary margins on that so . 
Our second quarter financial performance was highlighted by strong Ebitda and operating cash flow in our consumer business . 
Long - time customers in that group , and they tend to sign ThreeInt to 5 - year contracts , so there 's a good amount of stability in the customer base . 
Over the past five years we 've been expanding and strengthening our platform . 
It probably does n 't make us , it does n 't make sense for us to own the long term , so I would see us in two or three years , not this year . 
Certainly the success we 've had at 400 West Georgia gives us confidence that there 's a lot of demand . 
We have advanced work on the remaining buildings , with the goal of coming to grade through Q 2 2019 we have tendered the majority of the work for the project . 
I remain confident in the preliminary plan , you will recall that the first step is to propel NOI growth over the next five years . 
There will be I think a contribution coming from 04 : 68 in 2020 , but it will simply be a bit of a drag on us . 
I think there are two things and we 've experienced this before . 
A number that we should look at only because I think there 's some sort of maybe bonus type stuff in Q 4 or is that a good ? 
Mario : I think the most material of those three anticipated . 
But I do think one way you can defend against it is by having the kind of properties that we tend to focus on . 
Turning to the breakdown of Operations Slide 7 , you can observe that . 
Will see some sort of improvement in that fixed broadband ARPU trend I mean there must be a lot of customers on promotional pricing at the moment . 
European North and Eastern Us as one of the more challenged market areas , but I think it fundamentally has not changed the way that we look at the business on that . 
And we had a fairly high turnaround season : I think in China and that 's coming back , so I think that that supply may impact that , but generally Asia feels better than it did probably three or four months ago . 
Most of that was the commodity and the primary variance would be the ARB on the LPG exports that we were expecting at the time when . 
We expect our capex to be lower in 2000 and 16 and return to more historical levels now that our forest product expansion is complete . 
In addition , some of our comments may reference non - gaap financial measures , a reconciliation of the most directly comparable gaap financial measure , and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website . 
Turning to slide 5 , we continued to see gains in key specialty product lines in the first quarter . 
Ill also expand on a few of our key achievements in 2016 and discuss how they contribute to Vermillion 's Self - funded growth and income model . 
Subject to unexpected changes in the commodity price outlook , we plan to discontinue the premium drip beginning with the July 2017 dividend payment such that there would be no further equity issuance under this program . 
Now ranking 9 th on the future , 40 responsible leaders in Canada list the highest ranking for an oil and gas company . 
More detailed information on our reserves and resources can be found in our AIF and reserves press release issued this morning . 
We achieved these strong operational results while preserving the strength of our balance sheet and maintaining our dividend in 2016 over our 14 s year history of paying a dividend : We have increased our dividend three times and have never reduced it . 
This morning we announced another 25 % proration in our premium drip program , with the April 2017 dividend payment such that eligible shareholders who have elected to participate in the . 
These measures associated with our drips will further reduce share issuance , ensuring that future growth and production reserves and FFO more efficiently flows to our owners on a per share basis . 
More details on this reallocation of CAPEX in production by business unit can be found in our March 2017 investor presentation , which is currently posted on our website . 
Due to the improvement in our project slate , we believe that most of these cost and efficiency gains are durable over the long term with respect to 2017 services costs , we note that a significant majority of our capital costs are locked in for the year . 
At one point we had five segments and it was very difficult to focus on what we needed to do . 
Was recorded in the third quarter of 2000 and 15 as a result of notification by the EPA that Buckhorn is considered a potentially responsible party in connection with the New Idria Mercury mine site . 
Our big ag customers are doing and one of the things that 's kind of striking is is that there 's never been a time where there 's been three bad years in agriculture . 
Rolling the whole budget together for 16 yet , but as we think about the various moving parts , it sounds like we should see some . 
It looks as though there will be a very high level of launches in 2000 and 16 we also expect to see increased sales from recent and upcoming new product and service introductions . 
These agreements follow an earlier contract : We announced in September of a binding heads of terms agreement with Areva , inc , which will form the basis of the Joint Venture Operating Agreement . 
Announced that it 's going to be applying to the NRC to extend the life of its license on a reactor here in Virginia from 40 years to 60 years . 
Today we announced three binding agreements with Areva NP : These contracts form the foundation for . 
Dividends or other income from a 50 % equity stake in the joint venture company with Areva , the strong support we have witnessed from Areva , is further validation of our technology . 
The joint venture operating agreement is the last remaining agreement that needs to be signed to complete our joint venture arrangement with Areva inc . 
Is an ongoing one as you indicated it 's very important to us because it gives us two things that we really need to have as we continue to develop the fuel it gives us the . 
All of the details by the way are available on the Form 4 s that we filed to disclose all of the details to grants to officers and directors , and I would like to add that most of these grants are performance - based grants . 
And they believe that they have vet it thoroughly in technical space , so between ourselves and Areva we are quite confident that the fuel is going to work . 
And the NRC license is the single best thing we could get to bring overseas to expedite licensing from other agencies , so we 're not . 
Really think that it would help us in terms of a time line to try to get this licensed in another country because the NRC would probably want to see the same kind of testing that we already plan to be doing . 
And I understood you correctly to one of the previous questions that the official goal for the guidance is to improve the adjusted Ebit margin because you ca n 't control what 's coming below . 
That started to ship in June , we believe given the 6 - month time frame provided we will be able to sell out a significant portion of that capacity in the form of parent rolls and retail sales , with margins comparable to or better than currently achieved . 
You will find videos that compare the performance of our QRT Ultra products to comparable TAD Ultra products . 
The QRT technology in the Barnwell facility continues to improve from a product and process development perspective ; the paper machine is being ramped up as sales dictate to ensure good working capital management . 
Management believes that these non - GAAP measures provide incremental information useful in understanding the cash flows and operating performance of the company ; the Ebitdameasurements are also required and evaluated by our lenders . 
And strength relative to comparable basis weight tad kitchen towel products while maintaining standards for feel . 
We 're very proud of the progress the FedEx team has made in recovering from the effects of the cyberattack at TNT let me express our appreciation to the thousands of FedEx professionals . 
Id like to take this opportunity to thank our more than 400000 team members around the world who are continuing to work hard to deliver the holidays during the home stretch of the season . 
Having said that it wo n 't go up as much as EPs because of what I said about Capex , I hope that gives you the color that you need . 
Now as I mentioned already we have more than 10000 FedEx onsite locations and we are very , very pleased with the usage trends that we have seen so far thank you . 
And some of the questions seem to miss those two points and I want to reemphasize that our great service is because of the . 
It would be bringing the money forward and not spending it later , it 's the capex for GDP growth rates . 
And they 're - and we 've driven more than one million miles on these on the road , so we know that they 're safer . 
Revenue and earnings growth in the second half of fiscal 2018 : Our plans remain on target to improve operating income at the FedEx Express segment . 
For greater profitability in periods beyond fy '20 , a portion of the incremental integration expenses relates to establishing a new international corporate structure . 
Improving the security posture , reliability and speeding up the integration of the technology platforms we 've been successful on all three fronts . 
Because of the investments we 've made these automated facilities that Henry talked about , we have two major hubs coming online next year and a couple more . 
Did a survey prior to this tax bill passing and 82 % of the BRT membership anticipated that if it did pass ? 
As we have discussed in the past , we expect our new product development effort to deliver about a hundred basis points organic volume growth per annum . 
Our mill operations are highly integrated with our converting platform as we consume over 85 % of the paperboard we produce . 
Gauge : The impact of that announcement is this maybe another leg - up for occ or is china just kind of confirming something that they 've been doing already for most of the year . 
Carton Craft will allow us to integrate more of our Cuk paperboard tons into a growing air filter frame market and will provide a runway for further margin improvement . 
On the cost curve that you would then look to implement in CRB , take the form more in terms of trying to find Lowers cost . 
Looking ahead , we remain confident that we will see significant positive benefit from these pricing actions in 2000 and 18 ; we also expect our cost models to benefit . 
Such factors include those that have in the past and may in the future be identified in the company 's SEC filings and other public announcements . 
But they had n 't done a lot of consolidation , so if you 'll remember in Toronto alone , they still had three different facilities . 
We 've moved aggressively to rightsize the organization and expect Ote to return to profitability over the second half of our fiscal . 
With respect to our guidance for fiscal '16 , we - minute and assuming the economy continues to hold . 
This may well be kind of a one step backwards , so we can take two steps forward in getting the realization of some of the strategic benefits of the line - haul . 
And as you know , over the last three years Fleetwood has been substantially restructured . 
So if I could ask you to just turn ahead , one slide now to village operations and while as you probably know that 2018 financial year was the best . 
Id also note that we use both Gaap and non - Gaapmeasures , and we refer you to our reconciliation of these measures . 
So just wanted to know the sort of story behind these comments : Why do you say that there is a concern on demand where no other FMCG has ? 
Now what we think is going to happen next year is there 'll be very modest improvement throughout the year , particularly in the second half of 17 , but I caution we think it 's modest . 
Were we have been increasing our investments in these last two years in spite of fx and energy headwinds , it 's important to continue to do that in the business we have a . 
Selling time productivity as we go forward , so that 's an area that 's getting a lot of work , we continue to invest in just core ERP capabilities . 
We do n 't think this is by any means set up for AV recovery , Im talking about the overall energy market . 
And fx has really been the problem that 's been the most challenging for us to negate because it 's not going to justify any pricing or drive any pricing in the market raw materials . 
Momentum as we go in so yes , it 's going to take a little while to build this business back and regain the 20 % we lost . 
Longer term : There 's probably two key areas that we 're going to have outsize emphasis , one I just talked about in terms of . 
In 2016 s difficult operating environment we have focused on driving new business gains by helping customers to lower their costs . 
And we 'd rather be two weeks late than two weeks early on that recovery because it 's so hard to predict . 
Business , but the seven which also included Swisher , I would say , is artificially low . 
So what 's encouraging about the slide if you look at the Big Three Opcos SA , Nigeria and Iran ? 
Or in all is delivered through an it system or digital platform , so there 's no success for us without success in the world of technology . 
Up 14 % the data revenues were boosted by the significant network additions that we saw in the year the subscriber growth that we saw in key markets . 
Increased in the year to 2 . 7 times now as we look over the medium term we would like to see the holding company leverage . 
So this is about stimulating usage in high consumer urban areas IP TV customers . 
I have now three slides on digital just to unpack that in a little bit more detail than we did in the half year . 
So I think we 've built a wonderful foundation , it 's deployed across 14 markets and growth in the future will come from rapid scaling within those markets introducing new markets . 
Data traffic growth of 60 % in the year and that was in the back of the sustained investment in the network that we took . 
So that 's the reason why we have the big focus around CBN across our key markets now turning over to expenses . 
Underneath that there are five very key elements and the first one that I want to focus on is that we have a strong position in the right markets . 
And we also had professional fees coming through to support the delivery of the Ignite program . 
Digital revenues as I mentioned earlier on these were impacted by the vast optimization work that we undertook in 2017 , resulting in the revenue contraction that you saw in the key markets such as Nigeria . 
Looking at cash flow , the chart shows the reported Ebitda evolution into operating free cash flow and then the utilization of that cash generated . 
And I hope you enjoyed the little video that we opened with , which was just trying to give you a feel for what we 've been up to the last 12 months a lot of time on . 
And this was despite the weaker macro and tough fx environment in key markets . 
Iran and Saudi : We have a strong position in Iran , so we are represented in three of the four largest economies across the region : I think this is important to give people an exposure to the regions . 
Range of between 20 % and 15 % so that means of course that we intend to bring the group capex intensity down . 
The company 's monitored home and personal security offerings have historically included amanufacturing installation and servicing of its own proprietary wireless two - way voice controller panels . 
But of course this is Phase 1 for the second phase evaluate as we bring new capabilities to the market we work with our clients every day to help them understand the data and importantly how they can use the data to run their business . 
A new , more broadly defined currency that represents more of the total audience across all screens and platforms , not just the viewing that fits into the rules that define C3 for television . 
A reasonable framework for how to think about your business in time for the 2016 upfronts in time for the 2016 upfronts and everybody is aligned around that interest everybody that came to our meeting last week . 
Our streak of constant currency revenue growth has been extended to 37 consecutive quarters reflecting our consistency and resiliency through the cycles . 
In developed markets revenues were up about 3 % in the first half of the year we saw modest growth in discretionary spend and that continued in the third quarter . 
Watch Margins expanded 57 basis points as we continue to drive productivity and operating leverage in the business ; our watch segment remains strong and our new products are gaining momentum . 
Including Reckitt Benckiser , our relationship with RB has deepened beyond consumer insights and expanded into an engagement that is focused on measurement strategy and technology . 
But they have so far not chosen to let that happen for their reasons , and we respect those reasons we found an alternative approach to be able to measure viewing of video on demand through SVOD platforms that 's been critically important to . 
We already report C3 we already report C7 , in fact , in all of the data that goes out to the marketplace we have the capability to extend that even further so that 's one dimension , the other dimension is more about the breadth . 
They are making progress on the work that they need to do to fully take advantage of the new components , for example look at CBS . 
It the future of measurement is a hybrid approach putting the two together having the best of both worlds . 
Revenues in both us and international irrigation were modestly improved in the quarter , while infrastructure revenues were substantially higher than the same quarter of last year . 
Sales of road safety products in us increased modestly during the quarter over the same period last year . 
With various effective dates that extend through December 2019 , however , several states have moved or will be moving to the new standards before the required federal dates . 
We 've already received letters of eligibility from FHWA for products tested and submitted for review and are in process of completing testing and preparing requests for eligibility of the next group of products . 
These factors were partially offset by about one point of unfavorable mix . 
And while our focus on traditional retailers remains core , we are seeing strong progress in e - commerce where sales are up ahead of our objectives at more than 30 % for the fiscal year having accelerated into the fourth quarter . 
We compete in nine major categories and in three of those nine private label is amajor competitor such as to put it in perspective . 
And we had another strong year of innovation delivering about three points of incremental sales to the top line . 
And equally importantly , I think we 're feeling very good about the innovation we launched in 17 that should carry over to fiscal '18 , so that 's one piece of the assumption the second assumption is around pricing . 
Now Ill turn it over to Steve to provide more details on our fiscal 17 performance . 
I think as we 've said for many years , we 'd like to get that below 14 % , we 've done that and I think we feel good about it , I think there 's more opportunity here . 
If we think about Q 4 , we saw particularly strong consumption and sales in the core lip care . 
As well as outlook for fiscal year , 18 well thanks Lisah and we 're certainly very pleased with our results in the fourth quarter and fiscal year . 
These factors were partially offset by a hundred and thirty basis points of higher manufacturing and logistics costs from continued inflation . 
As we mentioned in our press release , we anticipate sales growth in the range of 2 % to 4 % , as always this reflects a number of assumptions , including about three points of incremental sales growth from new products . 
Consistent with our 2020 strategy , we 're responding to these challenges by continuing to invest strongly in product and brand differentiation to keep our value propositions sharp . 
There are three things I want you to take away from this call : First , Im particularly proud of the more than 8000 clorox people around the world . 
If you were to identify three to five things you think would really shape and evolve this industry or the industries you compete in and the way you think about your strategy , what would you call out ? 
For innovation , even for distribution is quite good , so you 're just going to have to take it on faith that we 've got good business plans and we 're executing against it , it does n 't mean we ca n 't be wrong on the 2 % to 4 % outlook . 
Based on how well the plant has been running , the decision has been made to reduce the length of the upcoming September turnaround to 12 days . 
And lastly , the additional contribution margin that we 'll pick up from 13 additional production days . 
We believe our second quarter UAN prices will be much higher . 
This was driven by the lower UAN and AG ammonia sales volumes previously discussed , which were partially offset by the increased sales volumes of our industrial and mining products given our increased marketing efforts . 
So in this area also for our customers , if you look at the carbide - based PVC , some regulations are on . 
So , for example , I do n 't think that 50 GW hours exactly would be the right capacity , but I think that you need to have some buffer , so how much Capex do you believe would be required to support that type of revenue ? 
Now for our company in terms of the batteries it belongs to LG Chem , we 're not going to . 
And when you do the depreciation on that , I think that you are looking at a useful life of six years as the bench - rule of thumb , but for your useful life . 
Situation and so while we had a very good demand coming in 2000 and 17 are we going to see correction in 2018 , this is something that we are looking into , but we can not be definitive , but what we can share with you . 
And since the oil prices are rising during that period of time and the fourth quarter , there is a lot of heating - related LPG demand . 
And in terms of whether we can go in the black in the second half of 2018 , that is our plan and we stand by our plan . 
The question was that in 2020 there is some talk about China getting rid of its subsidiaries . 
The targets for apomorphine are overlapping with aptiom customers , so we do n 't anticipate significant increases in spending . 
In other regions , meropen business was returned from AstraZeneca for Southeast . 
While development costs for dasotraline and others that are closer to NDA filing will decrease . 
Financial results for the entire fiscal year 2017 : There will be changes in how goodwill is treated and how development costs will be booked in . 
These study designs will be presented at ASCO this year . 
We are working diligently to develop napabucasin and latuda in Japan , but anything outside of these we do n 't have very many . 
The transfer price from Japan is determined through APA advance pricing arrangement . 
We now cover approximately 11 . 0 million lives in our medical pharmacy program . 
This is primarily a result of additional anticipated pharmacy sales for our PBM and Part D products . 
We will continue to work proactively with states to expand our integrated care management programs for individuals with chronic and complex conditions ; we are currently focused on three populations . 
Our first quarter MLR in Florida was approximately 90 % on a reported basis . 
Please refer to the complete discussion of risks in our most recent reports filed with the SEC and in the cautionary note in today 's press release . 
They have great expertise and what they 're doing basically is selecting out of the larger group of PBMs available . 
We believe the unique solutions that we are developing for MCC of Florida , including specialized crisis intervention , emergency housing , and interaction with law enforcement , will prove to be applicable in other states . 
As noted , the normal seasonality of Part D will result in lower reported segment profit in the first half of the year . 
In our Florida SMI specialty plan , we 've seen continued modest benefits from our operational and medical action plans and have recently added some new initiatives . 
We continue to be pleased with the level of free cash flow generation from the alternatives platform , and as we have explained on prior calls , we generate returns from the infrastructure platform in two ways . 
We still intend to return substantial capital to our shareholders this year subject to approval through the CCAR process . 
An environment here where we can continue to gain more efficiencies , so we 'll try and spend more time on this on March 8 when we have more time together , but certainly . 
The same types of trends that you 've seen in the past subject to CCAR so that hopefully does mean increase in dividends and whatever the difference is in terms of buybacks so . 
Is it just - in I mean this makes all the sense in the world , we have three entities that are relatively subscale who we think we can drive significant benefits by creating more scale ? 
We expect to repatriate a limited amount of cash from our non - us entities due to the capital and liquidity requirements of those entities . 
As I mentioned , the net impact of us tax legislation on our renewable energy investments was offset in the tax line . 
We do hope that post 2018 we would be able to start seeing some kind of benefits whether it 's on the revenue side or the expense side because of the amount of money that we 're investing . 
And so one of the things which is high in our list to talk through in detail on March 8 is exactly how we think we 're differentiated versus the other people that you often think of as our competitors . 
Some of the charges in our significant items this quarter are a result of that work , but we expect there will be more in 2000 and 18 we are at the tail end of our review and we 'll provide an update at our March 8 investor day . 
And third , the core underlying franchise performance excluding these two items . 
All your questions on March 8 and we 'll do the best job we can , but for now we 'd love to answer whatever questions you have especially about this quarter . 
So when we get to 2000 and 19 we certainly would n 't expect to see anything like this we would expect to see just . 
Again the - 2000 and 18 the way it was laid out our ability to spend this additional amount of money in technology and if you work through the math , the effect on - the effect of tax . 
There are two , I think it becomes - - to - in it 's very different in terms of what we 're willing to accept in terms of payback . 
This includes the two significant actions we took since we last spoke . 
The year - over increase also reflects the favourable impact of a weaker us dollar principally against the British pound . 
The way we 're thinking about spending you and I both know that you do n 't make these commitments on what is today January 18 and . 
I was - 1 s excluding the significant charges that we had in 2000 and 17 and whatever we could have in 2000 and 18 when I say that and that excludes the reinvestment or just the additional charges . 
About taking - minute keeping the good pieces of ccar and continuing to focus on how it can be made into a better tool . 
We want to keep them busy , we want to absorb those overheads as best as we can , and what we 've seen during quarter two is that we 've been gradually . 
Even with the decrease in domestic wholesale , we saw growth in our kids division as well as women 's active and sandals and men 's sport and men 's and women 's on the go and work . 
To prepare for the accelerated growth in Europe , we completed the expansion of our European distribution centre to one million square feet in the second quarter . 
We plan to open approximately 30 to 35 more stores this year , including a store in the new One World Trade Center . 
As in the first quarter , International Wholesale achieved the highest percentage and dollar increase of our three distribution channels . 
Additionally , more than a dozen Skechers performance brand ambassadors will be participating in the Rio Games and the entire Belgian team is wearing skechers in the country 's colors off the field . 
After transitioning several distributors in Central Eastern Europe and one in Panama to subsidiaries , we began shipments in the second half of 2015 into these two regions that cover many countries . 
Including 10 key markets , we believe that as we continue to open stores and build our wholesale base . 
And we have a growing network of franchise Skechers stores in countries where we handle the distribution of our product . 
We believe there is a tremendous opportunity to continue to grow the Skechers brand around the world as we build our presence through marketing , retail expansion and gaining shelf space within our wholesale accounts . 
I think you got two of them mixed , I think our inventories are pretty much in line , now the growth is where you 'd expect them to be new distributors that turned into subsidiaries . 
Through their mobile platform within one hour of ordering , the limited launch of the product has - 000 of this product has exceeded our expectations and we are already looking forward to expanding the program from beyond Edmonton into new markets . 
This was primarily due to our increase in operating margin this quarter , along with benefiting from a gain on translation of our us $ denominated debt offsetting an increase in our amortization expense compared to the same quarter last year . 
Decide , but you can be a force within your category ; for example , our milk tea has a volume of three billion that 's really substantial . 
Taken all this into consideration , I do n 't think what happened two years ago will not occur again ; the objective conditions just is n 't there anymore . 
Close your eyes and imagine there are three pieces of beef in this bowl : When the beef is n 't there , it simply is n 't there , it 's difficult to conduct such large campaigns for our noodle products . 
To adapt to these industry trends , I will add two more core businesses . 
A majority of the market so there is a lot of waste in the process now with our it system with our sales management system . 
As of June 30 , in the first half of 2016 , we had no major capex ; the amount of fixed asset went down compared to last year we only recognized amortization . 
There are many cities in China with a population of 4 million to 5 million , and for national players it 's a long way to go it requires time . 
And you see numbers in the range of 15 % to 20 % , then you need to monitor for something big to happen . 
But with a return to growth in 2018 , our third quarter results were also negatively impacted . 
Will subside by the end of the year as inventories are adjusted and growth will return in 2018 , our third quarter bookings support this outlook ? 
We remain actively engaged with customers on additional Twinshape duct programs that we expect to be decided over the next six to twelve months . 
Performances or achievements including statements related to the company 's 2017 outlook to be materially different from any future results . 
Management believes the presentation of these non - GAAP financial measures are useful to investors in understanding and assessing the company 's ongoing core operation and prospects for the future . 
The effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2017 was lower than the federal statutory rate of 34 % , primarily due to the impact of foreign tax rates and permanent differences between book and tax income . 
We refer to this upgrade initiative as Project Concrete and we spent the first part of this year conducting a detailed RFP functional due diligence and ultimately a selection process for our future platform . 
As we did in our first quarter ten - q , we 'll include a comparison in the footnote to show our revenues reported under both the new and the old standard . 
And adjusted Ebitda grew by 12 . 9 % ; these results were driven by the strength of both new and existing shacks as well as by our focus and ongoing commitment to invest across our key digital initiatives and foundational infrastructure . 
Reiterating the way we run this company from day one , we 're thinking about everything from a very long term we 're adding systems that will support . 
Outlook : As you look to the back half of '18 , maybe if you can frame it as to how much pricing you would think you 'd need to hold the margin flat or do you even think you have pricing power here to take if you wanted to offset some of the labor ? 
The maintenance price increase for those customers who do n 't take advantage of the M2 s program and less discounting and promotional activity . 
But ERP systems continued to fill the void in terms of the whole financial planning and budgeting aspects and some of the financial aspects . 
So we 're going to make disciplined choices between inorganic and organic execution over the next five years in . 
Is that it leaves behind a 3 D model that is a huge asset to the owner in terms of managing , maintaining and using their asset as time progresses . 
And we are enhancing our construction offering with the acquisition of PlanGrid , first let 's look at ARR , which is the best proxy for measuring progress in our business model transition and the overall health of our business . 
Customers are deploying all modules of the BIM 36 OH platform and I am excited to share that large customers like Aecom , Arcadis , Swinnerton and Layton have already started adopting our new platform and we look forward to more customers doing the same . 
Which historically have been very heavy during Q 4 , even though our full year expenses are moving upmodestly , our operating margin for the year will be higher by one percentage point versus our previous target . 
That 's the way we see this unfolding in the future , we 're not going to go into the erp space of construction , we 're going to stay on the whole life cycle from design all the way through to site execution . 
The strength in ARR was a result of accelerating growth in all geographic regions and across all product families . 
Highlighting strong execution as well as adoption and expansion of EBA contracts . 
Also , our new margin forecast for the year represents nearly 17 points of improvement over last year . 
Lower channel discount on AutoCAD LP and an increase for multiuser subscriptions . 
How important is it going to be that Autodesk has both the underlying BIM data as well as the PlanGrid capabilities versus others in the space that maybe do n 't have that underlying BIM data . 
Are going to be amore important driver , but in the long term as you head out three to five years . 
I think there are going to be more opportunities there were in 2015 with more stress in the insurance system than there has been historically and we expect that to continue into 2000 and 16 as we expect to continue to attract talent . 
Where prices improved following a number of high - profile breaches that occurred at the back end of 2014 and into 2015 , and that drove increased demand and stronger pricing . 
Which is often seen as a bellwether for the rating conditions for the rest of the year , prices continue to drop in our portfolio by 5 % , now with overall pricing reduction . 
Last area that I want to highlight is the sme part of our portfolio we 've been growing the number of customers that we have in this segment in both property and specialty lines and marine over the last several years . 
We open an office and are great at recruiting people and fill them up and look for move for larger space relatively quickly and we 've done that and doing that with La . 
The second element was : We bought more protection in two areas of the account , firstly within the large lawyers and architects and engineers within specialty lines . 
Also on claims , as Martin mentioned , the reserves have continued to develop favorably in 2015 and our consistent approach to setting those reserves means that we finish the . 
Against that background and that expectation we do , however , continue to plan for moderate growth in 2016 ; our planning process every year is around cycle management that 's pushing forward . 
We still do n 't really understand that how do you approach it and are you going to continue to focus on BBR or will you expand out your cyber coverage ? 
Also , supply of capital into the insurance industry continues to grow at a faster rate than demand for insurance products , so those two drivers mean that we should . 
In the areas where we see more opportunity pulling back in areas that are under pressure in 2016 , we will continue to reduce our commitment to markets such as energy insurance . 
We have - 12 we expect to see the continued benefit of our more focused distribution strategy , which has been a strong driver for growth in 2015 as well as the initiative to put more of our products in more of the offices across the nation . 
Final comment from me before I hand over to questions you may have seen in the press release after 7 1 / 2 years in this job , I am going to take a couple of months off in March and April . 
Increased regulation around privacy in 2016 , it does take a couple of years for . 
We have n 't seen the development yet of demand for breach response services type products in a large way that 's the piece of the market where we have particular IP as regulations . 
Prior to the end of fiscal 2019 , moving on to capital allocation . 
This compares to national brands that were down 60 basis points over the same period . 
While the grocery channel has stabilized and showed modest growth in 2000 and 18 by comparison , the dollar and drug channels have experienced a decline over the same period . 
And Im wondering what does this mean as we go forward is this , the Q 4 kind of the right mix to think . 
Reconciliation from GAAP to adjusted results is provided in the press release and supplemental slides posted on our website . 
And once that happened from a cash flow standpoint , we had enough to support the remaining assets within the CPD division . 
While we are in the early stages , the team is making great progress in improving CPD margins . 
The lack of amajor outage in 2018 and achieving higher selling prices in both businesses in the second half of the year . 
And established Japan 's first LABRED propelled by the expansion of the international business , we have continued to accelerate the speed of our growth . 
To build on these results and pursue continued sustainable growth , we outlined our management direction for fiscal 2020 and beyond through a new corporate strategy . 
The first point is to expand our airline revenue platform both ANA and the LCCS will improve basic quality , then we will pursue an optimal portfolio and expand our revenue platform . 
We also will expand revenues for the cargo and mail business shown in Green and the LCC business shown in Orange . 
Please see page 6 Next Ill explain some themes related to our new corporate strategy . 
Please turn to page 15 This slide shows our financial platform . 
Please see page 19 Lastly , I will discuss ESG and provide a summary of this strategy ; we believe that it is the responsibility of global companies to create both social value and economic value . 
In the LCC business , which is recorded under other revenues , Vanilla Air and Peach Aviation also contributed to revenue increases . 
Please turn to page 40 This is the status of our international passenger operations . 
The third point is the utilization of open innovation and ICT by improving our product competitiveness and promoting work style reform we 'll contribute to the realization of the ultrasmart society . 
We will use this performance as a platform for accelerating our pace of growth to an average of 4 . 9 % annually over the next five years . 
We will continue with aggressive capital expenditures , as shown in Table 1 to the right Ebitda is projected to exceed the capital expenditure during this strategy period . 
Please see page 18 Now Ill explain management resource allocation as we advance our business and improve free cash flow our policy will be to shift stages in our business management cycle . 
Earnings for each quarter of this fiscal year represent record highs for operating income and Ebitda please turn to page 31 ; this slide shows an overview of our consolidated income statements . 
On China , routes capturing greater inbound demand among individual travelers pushed the third quarter load factor up by 10 points compared to the previous year . 
At present we plan to begin this operation in fiscal 2020 and expect this to contribute to our group 's growth strategy . 
Now I will go over the details of our air transportation business please turn to page 36 , this is a year - on - year comparison of changes in operating income for our air transportation business . 
Gilles has taken you through the main aspects of the market development and the business performance on the following slides : I would like to focus on the financial performance of the two divisions and the group . 
Our operational and geographical spread continued to provide good natural hedges , and our Ebitdamargin remains well protected against these currency fluctuations . 
In the mature markets we grew with a solid 4 % led by Japan , Spain and Italy , a strong contribution came also from northern Europe and Germany . 
Clarify what the benefit is is that savings that will drop straight through to Ebitda or is that in sales . 
Which is not really agreeing with that type of number , so would you be able , maybe Carl to call out the three - kilometre the couple of end markets here that were the ? 
Although somewhat lower than Q 1 , we are now leveraging that healthier demand environment with a lower cost structure . 
We 've experienced two consecutive strong quarters and we are still cautiously optimistic that orders will continue to be strong during the balance of the year we 're watching this market closely . 
Was distribution up , Id say probably the one that Im a little bit more cautious on - 9 - 2 of them would be ? 
We are fortunate that our large OEM customers in the ag market are performing well . 
I would not expect more than the 90 basis points in the second half if you look back . 
We 've seen one or two projects where the customer did n 't take delivery at the end of the quarter and so that gets moved into . 
And the risk described in today 's news announcement and in the company 's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including the company 's reports on Form 10 - K and Form 10 - Q . 
But I would say that we 'll be back to a normal situation by end of March , which is going to mean that from beginning of March to really April , the evaluations that should have probably kicked off three to six months ago are really be kicking off and in full swing . 
While we are fully transitioned to a significantly more capable ERP system , affording us added oversight and efficiency over the operational and financial elements of the company . 
We ended the second quarter with 55 Global Sales Team members compared with 41 at the end of the second quarter of last year . 
What we 've done is , we 've gone from five regions to seven regions , so if we look at - 9 - 4 of our sales managers have joined us literally over the last six months , so there 's been some changes there in terms of the way that we structure the management of the territories . 
In terms of the 8 - K announcement and some of the leadership change , we had a structure which was maybe a little top heavy in that we had a senior VP of sales . 
As a final note , you may have seen from the recent Form 4 filings Seabed Veil Investment has reported selling a portion of its shares . 
A couple of the slides that were in the materials from last night in there you see two groups of wells : one group is our increased completion design , so in that group of wells we actually had more pounds per foot and more pounds per cluster . 
The amount of maintenance capital that we need in order to hold rate flat , so we think we 've done a good job in the first part of this year building our rate back up to say that 46000 to 47000 barrel a day range . 
Because we 're talking about maintenance on a higher production base compared to what was discussed on the Q 4 call or there was something else . 
All of our leases that are not actually completely filled in where we have the most opportunity to drill 15000 foot laterals for the most part that acreage is actually out in space . 
And that 's where we see the future growth and the future potential of the company , so with that early introduction Ill turn it over to Kyle for a summary of our Q 2 financial results . 
I mentioned earlier : We have two different zones that we like geologically and we have two different completion techniques , and so one of the reason we added two more wells was that we think if we are correct in our thesis about the completion technique . 
Our oil rate is growing , our Ebitda is growing , Loe is continuing to work lower . 
We would hope that within the next 12 to 18 months or so we will come to a conclusion and . 
We 'll invest approximately do n 't hold me to it , but approximately one to three years after founding when the initial proof of concept has been demonstrated . 
With a strategic value that medical innovation offers to our core businesses in the six areas where we do have most of our cases . 
We fulfilled our 2000 and 15 financial outlook for all categories reaching the upper end of the guided range . 
Implies a case - mix index improvement of more than 1 % and as you do recall from previous calls that meets the clear main top line goal to develop . 
Please turn to page 3 of the materials next : I will talk about our management approach over the next three years to achieve our overarching objectives . 
Our assets are competitive because of impairments we recorded in the year ended March 2016 , of course we have to deeply reflect on the reasons for these impairments which unfortunately led to an overall loss for the company . 
I will begin by providing a simple explanation of three external factors that we are facing . 
If we look back at the more than 60 years since , Mitsubishi Corporation was founded . 
Please turn to page 5 of the materials as I mentioned in the beginning . 
Please turn to page 6 of the materials we aim at shifting from pursuing growth through investment in businesses to deeply engaging with businesses . 
In order to achieve further growth at the same time we will accelerate portfolio re - profiling based on business life cycles , this will be a task for a little longer than three years . 
Please turn to page 8 of the materials as I explained before while continuing to invest and maintaining our overall investment balance in the resource field . 
Our operating results for the first quarter of 2000 and 16 represented the best first quarter in our company 's history . 
With the average annualized increase in shareholders equity plus cash dividends over the last five - year period . 
We have also some other costs that have been gone into not only opening those three we do have three more openings ; one is only for this fiscal year we will be opening this month . 
And we have a resource that appropriately - minute , and that is part of the costs we 're seeing , but we are excited about the possibility of having a new area or two to get some new bank customers . 
And so we - is when we look at international expansion , we 're not looking at Europe or Asia or anything like that , but we are looking around the borders of CXI and . 
In 2016 , for the year our international sales increased in each of our groups . 
When you look at 2018 , you 're looking at the absence of Conexpo , you 're looking at the absence of this accounting issue . 
If we 're fortunate enough to get a pellet plant order and we 're fortunate enough to deliver some of it in 'eighteen , it will not be dilutive okay . 
First half of 2016 foreign exchange translation had a positive impact on sales for the first half . 
The way we intend you get that into your pricing over time some of these deals are under contract for a period of one year or two years , and you 've got to wait sometimes to get the escalation in price , but we do have annual price increases that in the end should cover . 
In the following quarter or two we expect the same thing to happen as we progress through the fourth quarter and into next fiscal year . 
Or two , but we kind of felt the pain with the hiring and the startups into the third quarter . 
But I think what we saw in Q 3 was just amore drastic trend than we had seen in the previous quarters , but this has been going on for about a year and I expect at some point - I do n 't have a clear indication on when that 's going to end . 
We are pleased with the progress we 've made over the past 5 / 4 since I became CEO , but recognize we still have much hard work ahead of us . 
We have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures . 
When the program is complete we expect to have approximately 300 employees and we also anticipate that we 'll have transferred more of our engineering responsibilities from the Philippines to Poland . 
Somewhat unique because we played the role of an si in that deal and that was obviously amultimillion dollar deal . 
We are experiencing delays in some of our cost - reduction efforts in certain geographies ; as a result we now believe it may take through the end of the year of fiscal 2000 and 18 to complete the remaining activities . 
During Q 1 we realized revenues from our previously announced win of amobile carrier in the Middle East . 
But I would say that they 're in the range of the high six digit to low seven digit price range . 
If not , will most of the cost to come out be in the COGS line ? 
Im very pleased to report that we continued our strong performance in 2018 with another record quarter for the company . 
Our updated forecast is based on strong Maci growth trends as reflected by orders to date in the second quarter of the year - 2 nd half of the year . 
Given the rapidly expanding physician customer base and positive experience with Maci , as evidenced by accelerating volume growth . 
Of what our new reps have been able to do in the previous two years and we have every confidence that these . 
Their efforts are reflected in the strong sales performance to date , and by the fact that over 800 surgeons have trained on the Maci procedure since launch . 
Does the fact that this tam is now so much larger change that strategy or are you still planning to or intend to ? 
We commissioned a qualitative and quantitative primary market research study with over 200 surgeons . 
But that is mainly due to the manufacturing expense in the first half of 2017 being a high comparator , while we were manufacturing both Carticel and Maci as well as the initial Maci Manufacturing learning curve . 
Is that it 's built our confidence along with evidence from this new tam ? 
These statements may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from expectations , and that are fully - 9 that are described more fully in our filings with the SEC , which are also available on our website . 
As Nick mentioned , our commercial team has successfully executed this expansion process the last two years and we fully expect the 2019 expansion to be just as successful . 
As demonstrated by the recent expansion of the Cignamaci medical policy to include patella defects . 
And converted a total of 11 restaurants to the Grand Saladier program . 
The combination of our retail products and expertise and Mty 's broader reach will position us for future success in this area . 
The structure of the deal also allows our shareholders to benefit in the combined synergies that the two entities create as well as participate in the future growth . 
Increased cost for the rejuvenation program in the quarter , it was meaningfully higher than we 've seen in other quarters , so maybe some more color on what those costs are related to , and if that step up is something we should expect in 2018 as well , I . 
The transaction multiple looks like it 's more in the 7 - 8 times Ebitda range , which to us does n 't seem like it 's . 
Please note that today 's call is being broadcast live over the Internet and will be archived for replay both by telephone and via the Internet beginning approximately one hour following completion of the call . 
Both Mty and Imvescor 's board of directors have been unanimously supportive of this transaction . 
And while we have never reported out on our guest counts , we are proud to report that in Q 4 our guest count traffic was positive 2 . 5 % and for the fiscal year . 
Of the new Mty , it offers our franchisees the opportunity to increase their leverage with goods and services , which will then enable them to be more profitable . 
Okay great and in the past you 've been able to quantify the approximate percentage of your operating Ebitda that comes from these retail royalties is that a number you can break out for us now . 
All that attractive when you look at some of the other transactions that have taken place over the last 12 to 24 months so . 
This is especially impressive since Mikes renovated seven restaurants during the quarter . 
Also under Marie - line , Pizza Delight returned to have another positive Q 4 with same restaurant sales . 
The offer from Mty represents an opportunity for shareholders to accelerate that growth . 
We also believe that by combining with Mty Imvescor , shareholders will realize immediate value and have increased exposure to growth with less risk . 
This is all growth and opportunities that wo n 't be lost to shareholders under the Mty combination . 
These savings have concretely manifested themselves this year in the form of being able to optimize 71 branches and reduce the corresponding headcount . 
On the labor front we continue to see average unemployment to be around 10 % and we expect it to continue to be around those levels and it would only improve and go down to single digits after the economy grows close to the 3 % area . 
As far as the final adoption of this decree after an 18 - month period of adjustment which starts now . 
With respect to our consolidated performance during the quarter , these are the main highlights first : We were able to maintain our nim both due to a solid performance of our nim and investments and our ability to cut cost of deposits . 
Now that the standardized model is applied , our banks will see a relief that offsets the impact of the net deductions to CET 1 , including the full deduction of previously grandfather goodwill . 
There are two ways that you can get results from a digital strategy on the one hand you should generate more revenues . 
Which basically levels the field in the sense that porvenir will now be able to invest up to 8 % of its total administered funds . 
As we look forward to the opportunity fiscal 2019 presents , we will continue to execute the formula that delivered the improvements we realized over the past year . 
We experienced in the first quarter of fiscal 2000 and 18 store expenses as a percentage of sales decreased approximately 60 basis points . 
Leading to a 20 - basis point improvement in our operating margin during the fourth quarter . 
We currently have signed leases for five additional new stores to open in fiscal 2019 and beyond we continue to monitor new store performance and remain comfortable with our targeted store openings . 
Marking over 15 consecutive years of positive daily average comparable store sales growth . 
Now I would like to briefly highlight some of our other accomplishments during fiscal 2018 during fiscal 2018 , we significantly expanded our natural grocers brand offerings . 
Thank you David and good afternoon everyone , it is my pleasure to review with you the results of another solid quarter and a strong finish to fiscal 2000 and 18 we have worked very hard over the past 12 to 18 months . 
We opened one new store and relocated one store during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000 and 18 compared to opening no new stores and one relocation in the fourth quarter . 
In Q 3 we continued to show strong growth across the Nordic region , both organic and acquired . 
An update to our CodeXIS pipeline snapshot with data current as of June 30 , 2017 Note : There is amodified , more informative format to this year 's pipeline chart . 
But rather simply accelerated , and hence we expect this year 's extra spending will translate into commensurate savings in 2018 with improved confidence from the preclinical trials . 
It 's terrific to see the acceleration of product revenues unfold in 2017 our new guidance range for product sales . 
Already just at the halfway point of 2017 , we have nearly matched all of the product gross profit dollars . 
And earlier human data results we are increasingly encouraged by the potential opportunities presented by our PKU program . 
Hyper - convergent technologies and the changes that are going to occur in the it world . 
They 're more like 55 - 45 and I think that 's probably a decent balance for us , we want to make sure that our portfolio companies . 
So some of the things we 're looking to do is develop other programs outside of the four that we currently are in to make utilization of those opportunities # 2 . 
Fully funded season it for a quarter or two and then you 're selling the conventional fees out for the gain on sale . 
With respect to 5 oh 4 loans , the junior debt is taken out . 
We 're not just trying to put numbers on the books because in the lending market the problems always show up two , three , four years down the road , so I think that . 
There is positive carry while the loans are held in the warehouse and there is significant fee income that we receive on 5 oh 4 lending a lot of that is . 
Through an expected larger investable capital base across the solar platform , Suns will be more of a full solution provider which should result in greater deal flow for Solar Senior and our first lien loan program . 
And involve a number of risks and uncertainties actual results may differ materially as a result of a number of factors including those described from time to time in our filings with the SEC . 
Companies in their target market , the team has developed a strong pipeline of investment opportunities , which they are currently evaluating for Q 3 and Q 4 of this year . 
And later , the recorded video will be posted on DoComo 's website - 1 IR website . 
So if the ARPU goes up , then you may introduce some new billing plans and return those profits to the customers is n 't that the case . 
But are we going to go through the same thing three years from now , I think that 's not what we 're talking about ? 
During the fourth quarter of 2000 and 18 , the company reviewed its collection experience for technical and professional cases and determined that the original estimate of revenue was higher than the company 's actual cash collection experience . 
Going forward , we will adjust these numbers initially at the 6 - month point of the year they may go up ; they may go down at that point in time based upon how we 're collecting money . 
This was at the end of December of 2000 and 17 ; there was an exhaustive amount of work done because we were concerned about the amounts that were being accrued and booked as revenue we found at that point in time . 
The growth of the company and legal and professional fees and costs related to various issues in 2000 and 18 earnings from . 
And unprecedented levels of documentation being provided by sellers , we will start seeing more accounts qualify for the legal channel than we have in the past 18 to 24 months . 
Much of the success we have seen is the result of our long - term view from five years ago , which gave us the ability to expand our capabilities . 
When you grow your domestic collector workforce as much as we have in 18 months , it 's expected for average tenure to decrease . 
Us insolvency continues to have good flow available and we 're hopeful we can keep up the pace of volume . 
And we wanted to give Pra a potential opportunity to benefit from any reduction in rates so . 
Resulting from the IRS settlement and is reflective of permanent cash tax savings as well . 
We built new call centres and new capabilities ; we expanded existing centres and existing capabilities all ahead of the opportunity we have seen and continue to see , especially in us . 
With a lower cost and we 've talked earlier about the supply chain , we have the biggest supply chain in the Nordics for any it . 
And I want to say thank you to all the 7000 - actually 7100 employees who have been on the journey with me and a lot of my colleagues . 
As you can see from this chart , Atea 's operating cash flow is highly seasonal , peaking in Q 4 and with negative cash flow in the first half of the year as working capital balances increase from a very low level at year - end . 
Comment on the legal process and the case that we have going and have been working with for almost three years in Denmark , the court case has finally started it started on 10 October . 
It is not the destination to build amodern it infrastructure and solution . 
Services revenue grew by 11 % from last year , with higher sales of both consulting and contracted services . 
What happened during the first day was that the name ban was lifted on the seven individuals . 
Terminal 4 will be - moving on to your second question Terminal 4 will be fully fast travel enabled for passengers to do self check - in and self bag drop , which will be helpful for us because that helps us to be more productive . 
The first kitchen that we are building is in - 1 just outside of Shanghai and that kitchen is in the process of being constructed now as I mentioned at the full year results six months ago . 
To better respond to your questions with myself today are executives from SK Innovation and its major subsidiaries . 
For 2017 , annual dividend in light of record high operating profit following the previous year . 
And second question is that there has been a significant decline in terms of the bunker C and naphthamargin what is the driver behind that . 
What is significant is that the approval was granted just three months after its submission . 
First , our history shows we have been an innovator in this industry for decades ; our IP estate is valuable since it provides us with technology that is royaltyfree . 
It is also estimated that over 70 % of women will develop the Candida infection during their reproductive lifetimes . 
If you look at the investor presentation that we 've had out there the last two investor presentations , one page we do have out , there is where we compare dime 's yield on loan portfolio to maybe 12 other peers in our marketplace . 
Please remember to refer to the forward - looking statements disclosure on page 7 of the company 's earnings Press release . 
Okay and as we kind of work towards that three - year time horizon in terms of . 
SJ will review business highlights and provide color on the operating environment Silvia will then review the company 's key financial results . 
By the end of March , our integrated mobile product offering continues to generate new opportunities for us in the marketplace ; in this quarter mobile revenue was up approximately 40 % over the prior year . 
With respect to our payment processing pipeline we have many opportunities in front of us and as mentioned we won two new nonfinancial institution opportunities in the quarter . 
Earlier this morning we released the results for our first quarter of the fiscal 2000 and 17 year and I hope you had a chance to review them . 
We probably have two or three other ones that we think will be involved in RFPs sometime between . 
And Im pleased to report this quarter that we won two new nonfinancial institution pieces of business in the quarter , these wins represent some early success for us in this area . 
This is the third anniversary since we introduced the dividend program and the board declared a 25 % increase in the quarterly dividend over our prior dividend . 
One will be approximately 1500 seats and the other one will be a smaller seat count , but will have amuch larger transaction volume . 
And our safety results demonstrate this commitment and Im very pleased with the progress that the company has made in the last three years . 
We have already completed four of these steps and we continue to work on changing the culture of air products by focusing on safety , simplicity , speed and self - confidence . 
Now please turn to slide 13 for a review of our gases Americas results . 
We expect the new 300 million standard cubic foot a day expansion of our existing relationship to commence later this year . 
Yes , we are looking at sometimes kind of making a wholesale deal with people in terms of acquiring many plants rather than just one or two plants . 
Please refer to the forward - looking statement disclosure on page 2 of the slides and in today 's earnings release . 
We would expect these TSAs to wind down in 2018 and are committed to taking actions to reduce the resulting stranded costs . 
Now please turn to slide 14 for our Europe , Middle East and Africa business volume strengthened and profits were up on constant - th on a constant currency basis . 
Just for your information in May , we plan to file an 8 s k with the SEC . 
And the effective deployment of that cash is one of my most important responsibilities as the CEO of the company , something that I take very seriously . 
Now please turn to slide 10 , you know that air products continues to be very focused on cash flow . 
Now turning to slide 11 , you can see an overview of this quarter 's performance in terms of earnings per share . 
Net cost performance was unchanged as our productivity actions and the TSA income were roughly offset by higher maintenance costs inflation . 
We do expect to see additional outages impacting costs during Q 3 , it was good to see the 1 % price impact on sales . 
We remain committed and confident in our ability to deliver on our cost savings and our EPS commitments . 
With amidpoint which is a substantial increase of 9 % over the previous year . 
Sounded Like China had worked out some of the early problems with their coal to Meg processes and we 're going forward with a number of projects . 
That plant had been operating for over 1300 days right and we were able to push and push with regulatory people the right to continue to operate that plant longer as we 've gotten smarter and better in how we operate and . 
The LNG business continues to be down towards the bottom and so we do n 't see a lot of change in either one of those . 
Accounted for six percentage points of the increase , modestly higher selling prices contributed the remainder of the increase . 
With growth accelerating throughout 2017 in our generics and contract manufacturing market units , we expect a stronger second half of 2017 compared to the first half . 
And therefore we had that anticipated in really first half of 17 , but that was brought forward a little bit earlier than we anticipated . 
Commercial production in Dublin has already begun and will ramp up throughout 2000 and 17 and we remain on schedule with the first phase of our Waterford Ireland site . 
Turning to Slide 8 , this is a snapshot of our innovation and technology pipeline . 
Roughly 60 % of that cash is invested overseas and is generally not available for repatriation without tax consequences . 
We 've already received 1500 containers that will be financed with debt , we 're also investing in technology projects including transportation management system . 
We remain quite focused on continuing to grow this business unit and expect that 2016 will continue to offer both challenges and opportunities . 
These increases were partially offset by a 4 % decline in loads from durable goods customers . 
All right so you 're saying that 50 % of the rail rate increase you were able to cover with your own pricing initiatives . 
To the extent you could kind of force rank where you 're saying the greatest pressure from and maybe kind of characterizing it in three buckets : 1 . 
Can you review the timing of the rail rate increases , did you start paying higher rates on January 1 , or is all of the rate increase ? 
The impact of expected share repurchases we anticipate rail service will continue to improve and that utilization this year will be one day better than last year . 
But then secondly , as you on - board the customer , it takes time to ramp it up to get to the margin levels , you need generally it 's 90 days 90 days after start - up you should start to see the margin levels that you expected . 
And another portion will go in June , one so part of the rail pressure might have already been in the first quarter , or that - 10 is that the wrong way to look at it . 
The main reason for the increase is the full quarter revenues on the four container vessels on charter to Evergreen , which were delivered to us end of May . 
Cautionary language is also included on slide one of our earnings release presentation , which we will use to go through our discussion today that presentation is available on our website and I encourage you to open it if you have n 't already . 
Yet even with active production in the unit for over five years , production appears to be in line with expectations and is still cleaning up ; we 've also seen production uplift in some of the existing parent wells . 
That pad is just down - dip of where we map the pressure transition and would be a useful data point in extending the successful application of slickwater completions in Area 2 that . 
On the next slide slide 4 like to highlight once again some details of our recent well results : I already mentioned the kudu pad is coming online , pretty much as expected , and in line with the type curve . 
Which is currently scheduled as our second slickwater appraisal test in Area 2 , we could also make this a 2 - well pad instead of a single well as it 's currently scheduled . 
That was a success on the Axis 3 and then so we repeated that on all of the Kudu Wells . 
On seven of those eight pads we 've seen production uplift in those parent wells . 
Three of the five parent wells in the unit are currently flowing without artificial lift , where they had been previously on rod pump or gas lift for several years . 
Pad was originally scheduled as another single well test , and we 're currently evaluating accelerating the timing of that pad as well as whether or not we 'll make it a two - well pad . 
Additionally , we also have a large inventory of other Area 2 locations from which to choose if we were to change the drilling schedule to add in more in Area 2 drilling . 
Prior to getting started , Id Like to Remind You of the Language in Our Forward - Looking Statement section of the press release , which was released yesterday as well as In Our Form 10 - Q , which will be filed today . 
It 's important to note that we are not saying this is the 24 s hour IP , for this well as peak production has not yet been established . 
Our working interest tends to be higher in Area 2 so that would be a change to our capital program and anticipated production . 
We do n 't expect amaterial change in our anticipated full year production as a result of the schedule change ; we are still projecting 10000 to 11000 boe per day of production . 
We also have the option of accelerating the development program by adding a third grade concentrating on Area 2 development , and that also depends on commodity prices , but we do have the liquidity and flexibility to bring on that rig . 
This was mostly related to a noncash change in the fair market values of the derivatives portfolio , which was driven by a decline in the wti oil pricing during the quarter . 
Provide additional analytic tools to understand our operations tables that reconcile non - gaap financial measures to gaap results are also included in our earnings release issued today . 
While our confidence in our growth opportunities remains unchanged , revenue estimates for 2016 have been adjusted primarily due to two factors . 
Is the third consecutive quarter of adjusted Ebitda growth since the third quarter of 2015 , which was the first quarter during which we initiated the on - ramping of significant new amounts of traffic . 
As we sit right now , it would n 't be impacted by these nonrecurring costs ; we would have more than 60 billion minutes of use on our network . 
As for ARPM , it has continued to exhibit stability and even grew modestly this quarter . 
Which negatively impacted adjusted Ebitda , some of these are related to the significant ramping of traffic that we 've experienced and some are not related to that . 
While our adjusted Ebitdamargin expectations are largely unchanged , the absolute level of adjusted Ebitda is expected to be modestly impacted primarily by a lower level of revenue than previously expected . 
During the third and fourth quarter that do enhance other parts of our cost structure , but a relatively low ARPM minutes . 
But the takeaway is that these will be largely transitional in nature that while they will impact 2016 results , we do n 't expect them to impact 2017 and forward in a similar fashion . 
Consistent with what we articulated over the last few quarters , we remain confident in our belief that adjusted Ebitda should increase with each successive quarter throughout the year , which results in an upward slope throughout the year . 
The takeaway from a financial perspective is that we believe we can consistently deliver increasing adjusted Ebitda results . 
So that we 'll have it in 2017 , but we would n 't necessarily have had it for as many months of 2016 as we would have initially hoped for . 
Market prices for resin were upmore than 5 % during the quarter compared to last year . 
Has been impacted by increasing overcapacity of RTL as multiple regional players have built excess production capabilities for internal Chinese demand . 
Our diversified revenue base in AMS continued to provide strong organic growth , filtration and transportation were the key drivers . 
Adjusted operating profit and Ebitda to all increase slightly higher than adjusted EPS due to higher projected interest rate expense from our bond financing . 
More specifically , in AMS we expect continued sales momentum and improved margins as a result of pricing actions potentially moderating resin costs and benefits from the Austin closure . 
While we want to be clear regarding our GAAP results and the items , they reflect when adjusting for these onetime items . 
And the capex pattern for 'seventeen is going to be also amild one . 
In terms of roic , so we need and we want to exploit it , we need to get them to their . 
But still in 'seventeen we are going to have some noise that we 'll have to explain to you and has to do with costs being dragged up by revenues so the net will be the right one positive . 
Financial information calculated in accordance with GAAP , a reconciliation of non - GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures . 
Of 1995 our statements may be affected by certain factors , including risks and uncertainties , which are discussed in detail in the company 's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Operating cash flows were upmore than 40 % for the year , and free cash flow was upmore than 70 % ; color had another great performance in the fourth quarter and the group had an outstanding year . 
And this is the third consecutive quarter in which the group 's operating profit margin increased at least 100 basis points over the previous year 's result . 
The company 's return on invested capital has increased steadily over the last five years . 
With that concept in the Flavors group and I think a lot of the execution of that we 're going to continue to see improvements on that in 2017 that is going to be key . 
Strategic and restructuring and otherwise we looked at the portfolio we looked at what we had and we looked at what we wanted to be , and we estimated at that time that probably about 10 % of the portfolio . 
When I think about just where the FDA rules have been for like color additives , it can be interpreted by some as being very vague , very loose . 
During our call today we will reference certain non - gaap financial measures which we believe provide investors with additional information . 
That will be more heavily weighted to the first half because most of that fx change took place in the second half of last year . 
These non - gaap financial measures remove the impact of restructuring costs , currency movements , and other costs , as noted in the company 's filings . 
Which normalized in 2016 , adjusted operating income come excluding these corporate costs increased by 7 % in local currency for the year . 
That is - minus that was the outcome there , and so a lot of that conversion had already taken place , such that probably about 80 % of that market has converted . 
Picking good acquisitions 20 years ago , spending a lot of time on new product development , developing those businesses investing in the sales and technical forces , and I think that 's culminating in us having a very strong position . 
In addition , during today 's call unless otherwise stated , references to our results are provided as non - gaap financial measures and are reconciled to our gaap results . 
Id like to share two of our notable customer stories with you to _ the business outcomes customers are experiencing on the platform . 
Services revenue came in slightly lighter than we were expecting as some services projects pushed out due to Q 4 holidays . 
I would also like to share some assumptions that we have built into our guidance : Im pleased to confirm that we will continue to be on track to reach breakeven profitability 8 - 10 / 4 from the time we went public . 
And the embedded operating system that we deliver as part of PCF is preconfigured to those standards . 
We 're pleased with the early traction in PKS deals during the first year of availability and continue to be encouraged by the growing pipeline . 
Our focus is on delivering the right level of services to grow subscriptions and to make customers successful on our platform as we continue to build virtual capacity with our Si partners . 
Which would be during the first half of our fiscal '21 with regards to revenue we expect mix to continue shifting towards subscription . 
That 's where kind of the virtual capacity really builds outside of pivotal , but just to be clear from a subscription sales cycle , the Si partners are really helping accelerate consumption of the software and expansion . 
We expect services revenue for the year to be relatively flat to last year , as we enable existing customers to be self - sufficient leverage our SI partners and as maintenance revenue associated with legacy products continues to decline . 
Actual results may differ materially as a result of various risk factors that have been described in our periodic filings with the SEC . 
Compared to 56 % a year ago and continues to be the primary driver behind our top line growth shift in revenue mix and margin improvement . 
Application in production on the platform very quickly , then they tend to expand rapidly , and as that expansion takes place we can hand off to our Si partners . 
Another thing that they bring there is their open source - 1 - curated open source distribution , which actually forms the underpinning for pks now as well , so those are combined . 
We are pleased with our performance for the first half of 2017 and we are optimistic about our prospects for delivering continued growth and returns to our shareholders for the remainder of the year . 
The fact that we were able to close so many deals in Q 2 I think is a credit to the platform , but probably more a function of coincidence and timing some of those could have just as easily . 
To the extent that Libor continues to increase , we anticipate benefiting from higher interest rates in future quarters . 
But we would only use the atm if we thought it made sense and our historical pattern has been to be very cautious on it , we announced that we might do it , we 've gotten several inquiries from people asking us . 
So you did see some of that , but it does n 't flow through the overall numbers because of the increasing Libor rate . 
For those viewing our presentation please turn to slide 7 in the second quarter we further diversified our portfolio . 
To provide larger and more comprehensive capital solutions to our borrowers than TCPC could pursue on its own . 
And even a 25 - basis point increase in rates would be accretive third ; our low cost of capital and diverse funding sources are key competitive advantages for TCPC , we remain well positioned with attractively priced leverage . 
Primarily in 14 investments , most of which were senior secured loans . 
We are running the business the way we have always run the business , taking advantage of our two decades in the business and our strong sourcing model . 
Equity market or equity issuance via ATM or other means once you 've achieved that target leverage . 
As a result of the increase in Libor if you look at our . 
Please see the release and our SEC filings for information on the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially . 
Just a couple of final thoughts on numbers , while quarterly results are important , I consciously look at our last 12 months results as a signal of the company 's strength , and it helps guide my thoughts in the direction we are heading . 
As a reminder , we are a small public company with a footprint that covers 13 countries , which means that we have costs that are largely fixed in this area ; the increase is primarily due to increases in employees - related costs . 
Both of these updates to new products support the first two cornerstones of our strategic plan continuously investing in our engineering efforts as well as broadening our product line . 
Our focus over the past 6 / 4 has been on cost control and we have begun to transition that focus to the future of this great company . 
And then turning to renovation activity , I know you highlighted in the disclosure about ramping up activity in Q 2 and Q 3 : Can you give us a sense of the kind of numbers you 're talking about and any particular brand focus there mid - year ? 
Operating Ebitdamargin on system sales typically lower in the first quarter due to system sales at the lumpy and the lowest level following the busy Christmas holidays . 
We also expanded our online aggregator relationships , which includes Ubereats to over a hundred restaurants to enable customers to place delivery and pickup orders through the channel and application of their choice . 
Now let 's move to our performance for the five operating segments starting with Zone Americas . 
The increase was also helped by lower commodity cost as well as by strong rig that also led to better industrial capacity utilization and better operating leverage . 
Areas AOAs underlying trading operating profit margin remained strong and highly accretive to the group , the decrease of 20 basis points was due to the phasing of certain cost items . 
As CEO , I have the full authority to undertake this analysis and implement the right actions to meet our objectives . 
Our underlying trading operating profit margin increased by 20 basis points in spite of commodity and packaging cost headwinds of another 20 basis points . 
In the later part of Q 2 and finally we finish with the other businesses . 
Plus 3 % , on the other hand , sales of chocolates with high cacao content weakened slightly after a very strong performance in the previous fiscal year . 
As the graph shows , our business growth has outpaced that of the overall market since 2014 thanks to customer support for our products and especially for Choco Monaka Jumbo . 
Since last year we have increased TV advertising and we 'll continue to step up our efforts to bolster the strength of our in brands . 
It therefore seems our hi - chew has become one of America 's more commonly consumed candies , or perhaps the candy selected by those looking for a somewhat more sophisticated treat . 
Including improvements of intangible assets , we look forward to building the strong foundation for the future over the three years starting from the current fiscal year . 
A 20 % expansion in our product capacity for the core product since last year and our ability to maintain steady production . 
Consumer evaluations of Hi - Chew have risen steadily and its fans show no signs of tiring of its delicious taste . 
Awareness of our products is gradually rebounding and recognition of hi - chew and other products made in Japan is being increased through the e - commerce channel . 
This time around , however , we have succeeded to get hi - chew into some test markets , and in - store turnover thus far is comparable to that in America . 
Such as Hi - Chew , Chocoball and Ramune to get our products into a wider variety of sales outlets and channels , we are providing our brands our most valuable assets . 
Elsewhere in Asia , as previously noted , sales of Hi - Chew in Indonesia were weak as we have not been able to gain wider product recognition . 
Before turning the call over to our CFO , David Grande , who will update you on our financial position : I would like to first address some of the significant developments in our efforts to return value to our stakeholders . 
We have had success with the sale of a Puerto Rico go claim the sale of a portfolio of private equity holdings we had in our investment portfolio . 
With this recent approval we will record another loss on debt prepayment in the second quarter of 2000 and 19 when this payment is made . 
Our financial highlights deck and SGIs audited statutory basis financial statements . 
We will continue to look for opportunities to derisk SGIs insured portfolio through commutations , reinsurance and other hedging strategies . 
On Sgi 's long - term surplus notes in July and December of last year , which have not yet been fully accretive to par . 
In particular , we believe the drive toward local content by many national oil companies will prompt more local startups , thereby expanding the market for equipment that NOV provides . 
It develops , designs and manufactures flexible pipe and water treatment systems for subsea production applications and enjoys considerable technical leadership and advantages , having delivered over 7000 processed miles of flexible pipe . 
Finally , before I hand it over to Jose to take you through our financial results , Id like to take aminute to thank our employees for your excellent performance in 2000 and 17 , there is no better team in the industry . 
While we made progress in Q 4 , our working capital levels have remained frustratingly high through this downturn . 
Market dynamics and our introduction of new delta premium connections set this business up for a stronger second half of 2018 and . 
The issue resulted in a shortfall in revenue and excess costs in the fourth quarter , and will also impact Q 1 , however we are confident we have a solution that will get us back on track later this month . 
Therefore , for the first quarter we anticipate modest improvements in most businesses offset by challenges that will persist through mid - Q 1 in our subsea business unit . 
Over the next few quarters we anticipate seeing more feed studies to evaluate the economics and feasibility of new projects as major operators appear to be more seriously evaluating new offshore developments . 
Our use of the term Ebitda throughout this morning 's call corresponds with the term adjusted Ebitda as defined in our earnings release . 
After a 17 % sequential improvement from the second to the third quarter , a less favorable mix and lower volumes of drill pipe contributed to the decline in the fourth quarter . 
Is through these investments that we were able to secure this project and it is through this project that we will have our best opportunity to date to demonstrate how NOV can provide better FPSO solutions . 
For amore detailed discussion of the major risk factors affecting our business , please refer to our latest ten - k and ten - q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Notwithstanding the falloff in Q 4 , revenue bookings were better than anticipated and we continue to see significant improvements in drill pipe supply and demand fundamentals . 
Our comments also include : Non - gaapmeasures reconciliations to the nearest corresponding gaapmeasures are in our earnings release available on our website . 
After three extraordinarily difficult years , it feels to us that the market is nearing an inflection point ; oil inventories are rapidly approaching normal levels , pushing oil prices up and facilitating the return in our view of a geopolitical risk premium . 
We expect free cash flow in Q 1 will decline due in part to the first meaningful incentive compensation payments we will have made in three years . 
Rapid adoption of our ERT power sections , which provide up to twice the power of conventional motors , is contributing to the strong performance , as is pricing for our drilling motors , which has nearly returned to 2014 levels . 
In this environment we expect to realize 200 - 400 basis points of sequential top line growth with strong incrementals ; we expect stronger top line growth will accelerate later in the year , assuming oil prices hold at current levels or better . 
For the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2018 our results and related discussion do not reflect these changes and are therefore on the same basis of presentation as our previous quarters . 
As you might infer from our guidance , we expect some drag next year from lower workers compensation and SUI rates . 
In '19 we just do n 't believe that it could be as large as it was in '19 and do n 't at least have that planned currently . 
It made amassive turnaround and now we have - 6 I think it 's close to 60 % of our new business bookings coming from . 
Could you help us understand your expectation of relative contribution from these initiatives in fiscal '19 and ? 
Similar to last quarter , our PEO bookings and retention were strong in the downmarket , while we have continued to see some pressure from larger client losses in the midmarket . 
Remain excited about the future of the PEO , now Id like to focus on the strong progress of our investments to improve the client experience . 
And financial outlook for the next three years we received a lot of positive feedback and for those of you who may have missed it . 
Such as Global Cash Card and Workmarket , our leading position in the global HCM market continues to represent a significant opportunity for us . 
We also continue to engage with a number of key partners , including our recent partnership with Microsoft to bring together Workforce Now and Microsoft Dynamics 3 65 Business Central . 
Which impacts our revenue , but is ultimately a positive development for our clients and for our PEO prospects . 
We feel actually better , and I realize that the guidance and the discussions we had were about '19 through '21 , but when you finish '18 ahead of where you thought you were going to finish , we would like to get a little bit of credit for that because what we 're trying to get to get to is . 
And they have really worked hard to drive and control our overall it infrastructure cost , so we have seen help from that in this fiscal year , and I think we 'll anticipate that going forward . 
So it 's kind of hard to give you a completely bullish answer because we 're trying to be very , very disciplined , but we 've been very , very fortunate in the last 18 months and I hope that our luck continues and that we find things that can really . 
When we reflect on all these accomplishments , which are many in 2018 , I just want to thank all of our associates for their dedication . 
I would also like to note that as we outlined during our recent investor day beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2019 , we 'll be making some changes to our disclosures and reporting . 
Of the renewed momentum within our sales force following fiscal 2017 , we were also pleased to see our new logo strategy continue to show results with Double - digit new client growth this quarter and nearly Double 's digit growth for the full year . 
May at times introduce a little bit of noise to the peo margins now that it is included in our segment results . 
Many of the rules have n 't changed around ACA , it has been - 10 some of it has been defanged and you 're getting I think the outcome that you would expect if you are taking away . 
Kind of what 's happening in the revenue growth numbers and in the noise , but in the peo the most important thing for us in the peo is profit per employee . 
Outer years , so what that means is , we finished 'eighteen a little bit ahead of our own expectation , so we have really terrific momentum going on . 
You also have an economy that is incredibly strong and has picked upmomentum from a GDP standpoint . 
Of certain items in the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2018 , as well as the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2017 , a description of these items and a reconciliation of these non - gaapmeasures . 
Now let me spend a few moments on the recent performance of our PEO revenues for the year grew 12 % in line with our expectations . 
And with that , Ill turn over the call to January for his commentary on the fourth quarter results and fiscal 2019 outlook . 
Among the changes we made to our segments is the inclusion of ADP indemnity into the PEO segment earnings . 
Positive development in the last several years , and so this is not the first year in '18 where we 've had a benefit from what we would call release of reserves if you will now some of that is related to . 
And we feel '19 is exactly in - is in line and contributing to our overall goals , so we 're not really changing our expectations for the . 
Not just for 'nineteen , but I think it 's the way we think about the business , which is to have kind of . 
And we continue to see incredible momentum with financial services cloud in Q 1 , we had a significant expansion with a Fortune 50 financial services firm that is clearly betting their digital transformation on us and is now one of our largest customers . 
Just a couple of weeks ago , I was with the CEO of one of the largest insurance companies in the world and we 're having a conversation about changing their business model and transformation . 
A description of these risks , uncertainties and assumptions , and other factors that could affect our financial results are included in our SEC filings . 
Every single one of our cloud benefits from Einstein in this way and by making it easy to adopt and easy to use our customers are actually seeing the value of Ai without hiring a legion of data scientists and that 's really the promise of Einstein and really our philosophy behind . 
Which obviously had a great quarter in Q 1 , but one of your competitors in the space is now adding commerce functionality by way of an acquisition . 
With the company almost from its very start where we were very early investors in the company and carried it all the way through to IPO and . 
Intelligence : We saw that recently with an Ai demonstration from our industry . 
This balance is broken down into the amounts we expect to recognize as revenue in the next 12 months or current . 
They are working to understand and have a 300 and 60 - degree view of their customer , and the power of that is really . 
Building Ai for CRM is our ability to make it easy for our customers to use and adopt and benefit from this revolution : We 're seeing in Ai so what you 're saying is just by turning on Einstein our commerce cloud customers , for example , have seen some . 
And three is the system of intelligence Bret touched on it with Einstein with Ai , but even look at our advanced analytics capabilities that we now . 
I think that the idea that you need to build a one - one relationship with your customer , something that we 've been saying now for almost 20 years , is probably more true than ever . 
Augmented by our suite of CRM applications that do that for them things like our . 
But B 2 B commerce as well , and I do n 't think anybody can really touch the tremendous success we 've had since . 
For the first six months I think that in many aspects of our industry we 've been going through a crisis of trust . 
Similarly , it 's difficult to articulate the disappointment that we did n 't extend that further into the second half after a series of seismic events in South Africa ended that run in the last six months of the year . 
Looking at the full year we saw our investments across the portfolio helped to deliver production growth at 4 % , cash flows were also strong despite the higher capital . 
This agreement was concluded on 16 November last year ; it is anticipated that about 3000 employees . 
The project capital extends over a 6 - year period ; this is intentional to optimize the cash flow . 
The strong performance in the second half delivered production of just over 2 million ounces up 15 % over the first half . 
Stronger cost management and stringent capital discipline has resulted in the all - in sustaining cost margin increasing from 17 % in the second half of last year . 
The second is the stability agreement , the stability agreement effectively gives the fiscal and legal stability , which is required for certainly the initial 10 - year period , and there is an option for both parties to extend it by another five years . 
Regarding phase 1 of the below 100 and 20 project , the completion of the decline system below the current secondary shaft is on track for completion . 
The two big challenges that we have recognized and will be very focused on is that this is a complex project to execute because it involves demolition , refurbishment and building new . 
Passing two million shifts without a fatality , Tautonamarked more than a year without a fatality , which Im happy to say is a feat that a number of our operations now can also claim . 
In terms of our expenditures to pull that down the biggest jump in the capital expenditure in 'seventeen came from the specific brownfields investments we did and that is behind us right now . 
Could not be taken into consideration in 2000 and 17 , this deferred tax benefit will only be recognized on the completion of the transaction as part of the overall profit . 
The facility carries an advance rate of up to 85 % on eligible contracts , which means that the facility is available to fund the majority of the increase in the company 's portfolio growth . 
And with the credit group that we now have we 've been able to continue to split those FICO bands by attributes . 
Timing perspective : The bid date due back to us is 19 th of November , and then it 's just a question of sorting through the things you need to sort through when you receive the bids . 
And so we wo n 't pursue anything that does n 't meet our internal roa targets so . 
In the past we had marketed to a range of customers using FICO as a proxy . 
And was appointed CFO for the group in February this year . 
As I previously mentioned , we continue to expect other revenue and other income to decrease 15 basis points from the loss of lease income for the fourth quarter in 2000 and 16 for the full year we now expect . 
A replay of the call will be available till December 6 : We take no responsibility for inaccuracies that may appear in transcripts of this call by third parties . 
We continue to believe that we have significant opportunity to grow this category from a penetration level of 11 % to north of 20 % , which is in line with our peer set . 
We have now experienced traffic increases in 8 out of the last 9 / 4 . 
We continue to expect other revenue and other income to decline by approximately 15 basis points . 
As I mentioned , we continue to drive positive traffic and with the third quarter we have now recorded positive traffic in eight of the last nine quarters . 
Ted is a highly accomplished business leader whose 30 years of retail experience is a strong complement to the expertise that is currently represented on our board . 
As a percentage of sales in the fourth quarter in 2000 and 16 due to this transition from a leased to an owned business . 
Gives us confidence that we can reach thousand stores over the long term . 
Good news we had in last year 's Q 4 , and as you think about - 2 that was the worker 's comp , I just mentioned the incentive compensation that was good news last year . 
We finished the year with three consecutive months of improvements in each of our three internal customer satisfaction scores . 
But having said that it was a relatively small test , so these were three markets . 
Led by our field leaders , our teams are more aligned than ever on the priorities for 2017 and . 
There 's risk levels of everything we need to do to get to that kind of a 20 % run rate , some of the things like avocados have already come down , so that 's going to happen you 're already going to see . 
Reconciliation of these non - gaapmeasures to the most directly comparable gaapmeasures can be found in the company 's third quarter earnings release , which is posted on the company 's website . 
So these past six to eight weeks is really the first opportunity they 've had in a long time to focus on nothing but the business . 
A participant or sort of dictating the process because you as a REIT you want to make sure that you have a use of proceeds at least to some degree line up over and above the seller financing idea . 
There should be a fair amount of mom - 0 s - 6 th whether it 's amom - and - pops or whoever it is who are currently in a lot of trouble that may not make it to - 19 Do you think that 's a fair statement ? 
Would you consider moving that to rideA structure should we expect maybe for you to do more rideA or some other kind of operating joint ? 
We expect all but one of these sales will occur over the remainder of 2000 and 18 , the expected delay of one being due to a potentially longer HUD approval process . 
From Nic only because this was a really unusual year in terms of the flu season historically . 
We have seen and felt was worth the risk of turning into a ridea structure and . 
And thereby remove kind of that issue for investors such that we think we can have better execution and further differentiate ourselves from being a SNF REIT , so our position right now is that we 're going to be opportunistic . 
In addition , references will be made during this call to non - gaap financial results . 
Turning the page to slide five strategy for the business is to remain the leader in graphic papers . 
I found it appropriate to open , with a few comments describing how I had spent my first 100 days in the role . 
This forecast reflects the latest view for sequentially lower steel costs next quarter and a full quarter impact of tariffs on Chinese imports at the 10 % level . 
At the same time we 've made hay products more widely available throughout our design within Reach Retail Studios . 
These projects are progressing on schedule and we expect to begin realizing benefits from improved efficiency and lower costs as we move through the back half of fiscal year 2000 and 19 and into the first half of next year . 
The midpoint of this range implies an organic revenue increase of 7 % compared to the same quarter last fiscal year . 
A little above what the street was anticipating for both revenue and EPs if you could maybe just touch on that a little bit where it gives you confidence . 
Majority of the revenue guide is largely due to the volume is it safe to assume that you have good clarity on the ASP as well for the rest of the year . 
But that does n 't mean that results are a generation away or even five years away based on our current trajectory and the evolution of the landscape we are driving ; we see this network effect contributing to the growth of our business now and expect that impact to accelerate in the coming years . 
It goes without saying driving up this collection rate continues to be a primary focus and we are beginning to see signs of success nine months after bringing our billing in - house . 
We view increases in our gross profit as a critical indicator that we are on the right track by driving up collections and driving down cogs to generate an ever - increasing gross profit to cover the opex and other costs of running our business . 
There are 4 million births a year and over 300 million people who could otherwise benefit from proactive genetic information services . 
It 's a huge opportunity we suggest in all seriousness an addressable market of more than 1 billion people in modern medical systems worldwide . 
In this effort , I believe the fundamentals speak for themselves out of nowhere relative to typical time frames in this industry , we are poised to become the leading provider of inherited genetic testing services in the next 12 to 18 months . 
Thus we will provide billable tests not only in our 10 - Q filings , but also in our earnings calls moving forward . 
As we have said before , we will not experience significant reduction in cogs and operating expenses from the integrations until they are in full swing by midyear with our volume and cogs on their current trajectories and positive signs to the upside for reimbursement . 
Could have their holdings redeemed for Class A shares , which are listed and traded on the NYSE AS . 
This dividend was paid on December 31 to shareholders of record on 12 / 15 with that I would like to open up the call for questions . 
Going forward in 2016 : What we may be doing with the observatory and as part of our annual budgeting and planning and . 
I can still remember in late 1998 asking Johnny what his real expectations were for the new bank . 
We survived the craziness of the year 2000 with the regulators , and we are still trying to survive the craziness of the regulators today I should get an amen on that one right . 
Thank you all our loyal supporters who have been with us for many years and to hell with the naysayers , this has been a wonderful 20 years and many have been with us since we started . 
We concentrated one year on an efficiency project that changed the way we operate , resulting in amodel of management and a leap in profitability , and we have stuck to those principles today . 
We became a publicly traded company in July of 2006 ; we thrived during the recession we raised capital in two days and bought failed banks over a period of several years it changed our corporation forever . 
Impressive still under 40 % , I mean are there any major expense initiatives that you have to undertake or regulators , making you invest anywhere that you would n 't have otherwise or anything that will drive that incrementally higher from here . 
And that is the last 20 years of record growth and profitability we have now completed 20 years as a banking organization since we opened up here in Conway , Arkansas . 
This feature causes the Clo Trust to Delever more slowly so that the timing of capital returns to ladder is more closely matched to the timing of loan payoffs . 
And so the ones that adjust every five years you really do n 't need inflation to do better because what you do is you buy a year - one cap rate and then you ultimately do better over time . 
With the weakened us $ , a ballooning deficit , and recent economic stimulus added to an already growing economy , we feel that interest rates will continue to rise , but at amodest pace . 
Those rates have not really come down much at all in the last eight years , probably the only spread product that has n 't come down to my knowledge , and what happened was when the unsecured corporate bond market opened up . 
So we are confident enough that the refinance activity will be so robust in the years ahead because of all the capital raised in the space that 's causing that spread compression in the CLO market . 
Can you helpme and tell me where you think the ten year is going to be in that period of time ? 
Every day the stock market goes up 300 points , a certain money moves into the bond market and comes off the table and I do sense that there 's a fair amount of demand right now for spread product . 
So I do n 't really expect to see a cost - of funds increase over the next two years because I think any rapid prepayment will result in . 
This is our highest reported earnings quarter since the beginning of 2000 and 14 we benefited from our rapidly growing inventory of balance sheet loans . 
We have doubts about the fed raising rates four times this year that Pace would hurt the housing market and we do n 't think the fed wants to do that . 
Additionally , certain non - GAAP financial measures will be discussed on this conference call ; the company 's presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation . 
Non - gaap items are described and reconciled to gaap results in today 's press release , and those and other reconciliations and supplemental detail are included at the end of the slide presentation which again is available on our website . 
I would assume that increases in revenue would increase our Ebitdamargin cash flow should also continue to be . 
We expect further challenges to negatively impact our performance in the fourth quarter , and as a result we 've updated our full year revenue and EPS targets accordingly . 
This strong aerospace performance was partially offset by a 6 % full year sales decline in distribution . 
And Id like to walk you through some of those to better understand 2016 and . 
And other customers for additional orders that would provide visibility into 2020 in the year ahead : We 're very focused on execution to drive sustainable long - term growth and improvement in our operating results . 
Id like to focus the balance of my remarks on our outlook for 2017 and capital deployment priorities . 
With all of our projected direct commercial sales occurring in Q 3 and Q 4 also impacting our cadence is a pushout of missile fuze deliveries from the first quarter into the second quarter . 
In addition , we expect to discuss certain financial measures and information that are non - gaap financial measures . 
Turning to the full year , many of the key trends that persisted in the fourth quarter also shaped our 2016 results . 
This reflects negative sales growth of slightly less than 1 % at the low end and positive sales growth of 4 % at the high end , and is reflective of the challenging end markets we continue to experience . 
Our expectation is that we will recognize less than 10 % of our full year net earnings in the first quarter and approximately 50 % of our net earnings in the fourth quarter . 
We expanded operating margins by 50 basis points for the year in a declining sales environment , a very solid result . 
Retaining focus on efficiency and extensive work in scaling up the business lines we 've built over the last three to four years . 
We plan to further expand the product range , building new value - added services and adding lending products throughout SME Marketplace . 
As kind of comparable to your thinking in terms of your 2019 guidance . 
So you get basically a beneficial impact on the fourth quarter cost of risk , but that 's kind of - in that would have been spread out through the whole of 2017 , but you took it all in the fourth quarter . 
That is not affected by the change in standards we continue polishing the IFRS 9 accounting model for our loan portfolios I can share though that . 
Our new monthly credit score monitoring product was a great example of this not only can someone open an account through Web or iOS app in only three minutes . 
Slide 12 : We thought it would also be helpful to give an illustration of our business model as you can see from this slide . 
But with over 25 million Canadians with a credit score and very few of them tracking it , there 's a clear opportunity in front of us . 
We 're about to have four different products customers can come in directly to any one of these products , obviously for those customers that come in just for their credit score there 's no revenue directly associated with it . 
Turning to slide 14 , let me first start with a summary of our financial highlights from the quarter . 
Which tripled from the additions we had in Q 2 perhaps more impressive was that this was accomplished on lower absolute marketing spend during the quarter , which means that we substantially reduced our cost of member acquisition . 
So turning to slide , three Canadians have primarily relied on their banks and credit unions to help them manage their financial lives , yet while the banks enjoy record profits , many Canadians struggle financially . 
We have many enhancements to our loan experience and our road map over the next 12 months , which will continue to improve the convenience to our users and dramatically improve the efficiency of our platform . 
Of Q 1 , this product will be kind of fully rolled out to - minute available to all of our members . 
Which is now live in more than 25 countries with more than 7 million downloads so . 
The consequential amendments to IAS 1 we adjusted the presentation of other operating income and other operating expenses in order to allow for amore granular view of the company 's operating expenses . 
Both retro running stars from the 90 s that we refreshed and brought back with significant commercial attraction , the Tresc Run and the LXCon are also great examples for new silhouettes . 
Secondly , our focus on key cities : Our six key cities in the world continue to set a pace and influence for the rest of the world on how fashion and sports trends are being created and also being rolled out . 
And we saw strong profitability improvements while continuing to invest in compensating fx headwinds , so we continue to see fx headwinds in a year where we had the highest profitability ever in the history of company . 
That is what is expiring we 'll continue to do business with Dick 's sporting goods in our normal way of doing business for the Adidas brand and of course also for the Reebok brand , but I do want to clarify this what has expired or is expiring . 
One of the things Im most proud of is the way NAPCO has been able to remain at the forefront of innovation in the industry . 
At NAPCO we take their feedback and market insight seriously , the good news is that based on our conversations . 
In addition , NAPCO continue to gain traction on the heels of the successful launch of our comprehensive line of StarLink commercial fire and intrusion alarm communicators . 
The increase in sales for the three and six months was due primarily to increased sales of the company 's door locking products and intrusion products . 
Well , we do n 't want to take it all at once , we only want to use what we need for the given quarter in this particular time frame , we got two different guys to agree to spread it out just the way we want it . 
Which flow through to the rest of the income statement we believe that these inventory controls were the right decision effectively trading higher cogs for improved cash flows . 
We have all contributed , you have all contributed , and hopefully many of you will continue to make your mark going forward , Agi needs you all to pull with us to create what is truly possible . 
And Tim how long do you anticipate the reorientation of the sales team will take until you have it where you would like it , focusing on those two different distribution channels . 
I remain a believer in the long - term market opportunities that Tim and his team will pursue Agi is ready for the next stage of development under the next generation of leadership . 
We never could have built Agi without you , so I hope that you know that I know and that Im very appreciative . 
We believe that Korsuva has the potential to address pruritus across a range of medical conditions . 
At week 12 , with respect to the weekly mean of the daily worst itching intensity score . 
We are encouraged by the progress that we are making so far , but we 're also aware that improving operations and returns at Phi will take time . 
As you know , we filed distribution cases in all of Phi 's jurisdictions and expect decisions spread throughout the third quarter of next year , providing needed revenue relief as we continue to make significant investments on behalf of our customers . 
At Phi we are encouraged by the process we 're making , although some of this success has been helped by good weather . 
These increases reflect recovery on multiple years of smart meter and other capital investments meant to improve the reliability of the grid across all the phi jurisdictions . 
And we 're pursuing the compensation for the zero - carbon attributes of our plants as we 've done in New York . 
In New York we 're making progress on finalizing the contracts with Nyserda and expect to have them signed for all three plants in November . 
The lawsuit does not request a stay or an expedited trial , and we continue to believe that the CES design is sound and that it will withstand any legal challenge . 
Turning to slide 15 , even though we do n 't believe this market will be a reality , we are acting as if it will . 
We are moving forward with the retirement of the plants we have already notified PJM of our intent to retire quad cities and will inform MISO in the beginning of December if the legislation does not pass . 
Recall that we were running both the submissions to the FDA in parallel and because of the volume of information we decided to prioritize . 
In terms of working all your way through the screening process and here we are on November 8 or 9 , I think you get a sense of when that might have happened . 
We are also integrating FDA feedback into our approach and timing . 
The Type I trial and obviously reach congruence with the agency and initiated the study and dosed the first patient so as a result of that we 're working through the . 
For those patients to be in the trial meaning we should be able to enroll it relatively quickly , so in the scheme of things a couple of weeks really wo n 't be material other than the two very important reasons I gave at the onset of my answer . 
And we believe indicative of a strong demand from parents with type I incidence to participate in this study . 
And sit without assistance for at least five seconds , two patients in the cohort could crawl , pull to a stand , stand and walk independently . 
The collective and broad impact we have seen in children treated with AvXs - A1 on many aspects of the disease , enabling them to develop in the best possible manner is truly remarkable . 
So we 're actually very encouraged by the launch of Spinraza because it 's demonstrating that clearly there is amarket out there in need it 's demonstrating that payers are willing to pay for . 
Sure sure , and the follow - up is actually a clarification , it took roughly about 3 . 5 weeks to get the first patient enrolled : Did you say how many patients have been screened in the context of patient enrollment and what 's your understanding of the ? 
It is remarkable for all patients to reach this key time point of 20 months . 
In Europe we 've initiated additional formal clinical and quality scientific advice proceedings with the EMA and initiated the process to discuss the potential for a conditional registration pathway for the EU we have . 
What is your sense of what the willingness of parents will be to enroll type II patients into your study given that there is now an improved product on the market to treat them ? 
Post the initial phase I study that have been exposed to both 1 oh 1 and Nusinersen , and if there 's any data that you could collect there that could inform . 
Did go on Spinraza now given that this was after completion of our trial : I do not have any insights into any other safety or efficacy data that may have been observed . 
As compared to 32 . 1 % in the prior year period , primarily due to the favorable impact of the new federal corporate statutory income tax rate . 
In the first half of 2000 and 19 we remain on track to file our prior approval supplement for vancocin oral solution . 
While we are proud of these results , they do trail our original expectations for the first half of the year driven by the aforementioned declines in inderal La average selling price . 
Let me start off by thanking all of us auto parts team members for remaining focused on the customer experience and their continued execution of our strategy and operating plan . 
The third quarter was underscored by our continued commitment to profitability , as reflected by the 14 % increase in adjusted Ebitda despite having only modest revenue growth . 
We would still expect our turnarounds before the AOSP acquisition to continue generating free cash flow and debt repayments exiting the year in that . 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our conference call where we will discuss our operational and financial results for the first quarter of 2017 and provide an update regarding our ongoing projects and operations . 
Maybe towards the end of this year and into 'eighteen we do n 't expect that will have amajor impact on differentials and the reason we believe that is that there is significant real capacity . 
The most positive part of the past few weeks was holding our investor days in Toronto and New York , where we issued our new 5 - year capital plan . 
Although we await next steps from FERC on the Miso Roe complaints , the new methodology appears to be generally constructive and we will look on these outstanding complaints . 
The decision ended solar net metering in TEPs service territory . 
Therefore , ITC is currently reviewing the order and considering its options , including rehearing and appeal . 
Residential and small commercial customers who install Solar will now receive amonthly bill credit for excess energy exported to TEPs distribution system . 
The complainants to respond to that filing and then FERC has to really take that material and then make a final order on those complaints . 
I wanted to provide an update on a decision that ITC received from FERC on Roe Matters just after our New York Investor Day . 
This recent order provides guidance on Ferc 's new methodology for establishing ROEs , which is expected to be used in addressing outstanding complaints . 
The funding strategy also supports improving our credit metrics over the five year plans . 
Presented us with a potential loss of supply thankfully , Enbridge was able to get it parallel 30 - inch transmission line back in service quickly . 
You will notice that us tax reform did not have a net impact on earnings per common share during the quarter . 
We exclude from our non - gaap results a number of charges or benefits that are either noncash or that we consider outside our core ongoing operating results . 
In our new VCSEL laser fab in Sherman , Texas , we have completed the uplift of the building and installed a significant amount of the capital equipment for our first phase of capacity . 
But in terms of adding additional capex , that 's something we 're evaluating now , but it 's certainly not something that can have an impact on Q 2 just to be clear you did have n 't - ordered another slug that will be coming in . 
I need to remind you that any forward - looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which are discussed at length in our SEC filings . 
We have begun the internal qualification for a process of all the equipment and still expect to be qualified and in production using our 6 - inch wafers by the end of this calendar year . 
Can you give us some sense of what the rate of growth was in the roadm business quarter - to - quarter it looks to me as I play with the numbers that it was very steep and Im looking at the guide and Im thinking ? 
To get it onstream so we should expect fairly flatival for six months and maybe addition maybe not depending on what you decide to do is that the right way to think about it . 
With the issuance of further guidance by the IRs in the third quarter , we had to adjust our provisional estimates related to repatriation of foreign earnings and reevaluation of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities . 
That 's fair yes , typically the way it works with the large oem is that you will notify your intent to trigger price increases as per their contracts and then that goes into a negotiation of the . 
Anything sort of unusual in the 3 Q mix . 
I also want to remind everyone that any forward - looking statements made during this call are subject to risks and uncertainties , the most important of which are described in our press release and SEC filings . 
China truck sales have declined on average and we anticipate calendar year to run about 25 % of last year peak level . 
Over in 2019 , collectively at all of the above noted projects , we can count many billions of dollars of recent current and planned capital investments for which we will fully benefit while never receiving a cash call . 
After much anticipation we could not be more excited to finally open STK Orlando at the end of May . 
The restaurant will be located in downtown Miami on Biscayne Boulevard at the New Me Hotel through amanagement deal with our partners , the Me Hotel Group . 
These successful openings give us great confidence in the brand as we enter many new and exciting markets executing against our 2000 and 16 development plans . 
We will continue to look at the additional leases , but only in the major us and worldwide cities and use license and management deals to continue to expand beyond the five countries that we are currently operating in . 
We have a combination of eight company - owned , managed or licensed restaurants and unique food and beverage hospitality deals . 
Additionally , we will refer to some non - gaap financial measures on this call and certain measures presented on a constant currency basis . 
Was a coauthor of a paper that won the Best Theoretical Paper Award for 2018 from the International Journal of Industrial Organizations . 
With the transaction scheduled to close no later than the first quarter of 2018 in the preliminary proxy related to the transaction . 
Performance on the platform remains consistently strong , with fund appreciation of 4 % in the quarter . 
These three transactions are just a few examples of the types of investments that Carlyle pursues , which quite frankly few firms , have the expertise or resources to complete . 
We will refer to certain non - gaap financial measures during today 's call ; these measures should not be considered in isolation from . 
We expect to turn on fees for our latest vintage us buyout fund towards the end of the second quarter and the New Asia Fund in the second half of the year . 
Scaling our funds will not only drive FRE growth ; it also improves our ability to invest in both target investment capabilities and critical growth areas like global credit . 
And we are tracking towards ameaningfully higher level of FRE by year - end . 
That more than 60 % of our capital commitments come from investors that are in six or more of our funds , I think second of all we continue to see new investors come to the platform . 
Second , I want to remind everyone that we expect a lower level of net realized performance revenues in 2018 compared to 2017 as we transition from the older vintage of funds to the newer vintage . 
Last quarter we highlighted our expectation that on average the next generation of funds will be approximately 30 % larger than the previous generation . 
We 've only touched this - kilometre the surface of it and we do have very large ambitions to grow so if I can now break that down a little bit clearly we 're already large in the clo business and we have no intention . 
The global LP community ranging from sovereign wealth funds to retirement systems to high net worth investors . 
More than 100 Carlyle professionals across United States , Europe and Asia worked together for over a year on this transaction , which is expected to close in the second half of the year . 
In - house regulatory and tax expertise aided our ability to pull this transaction together in just two weeks on a propriety basis , and it created structure with significant downside protection for our capital . 
Average closing the gap rapidly with the industry average as we speak , and this is an area of strength from Bournemouth water ; they have consistently been top or very nearly top of the SIM leagues for some time , so we 're looking forward to bringing best practice across the two companies . 
But we would note that there is probably a H 1 or we expect there to be a H 1 weighting in the financial performance . 
And then we will establish the maintenance regimes to give us reliable 25 s year income . 
This five - year cycle and Ive got to say that Im really looking forward to bringing Bournemouth water and south west water together because we have a little bit of amantra , it 's my mantra to say . 
And I should also point out as an aside that the Customer Service Center , the contact center which we 'll need for the retail operations that has been separated for over 10 years in our case . 
You can see the key metrics in terms of where the actual results have landed for the first six months . 
And we 're very pleased to note that we managed to get unconditional approval to that merger , and now we 're fully engaged in bringing the two companies together , Ill also say a few words about the future because there is . 
People actually believe that they will work and they realize there 's an opportunity there with heat : I spent the early part of this week with two chief executives in different parts of the country looking at the potential for heat offtakes in two of our facilities . 
To be cautious , I would say that for 2000 and 17 , I do n 't think anybody expects any of these segments to . 
But some of the recent contracts are spreading over next two years delivery and are they coming with a similar type of discounts that scales us ? 
As a reminder we have no cre construction loans in Houston and only 92 in total cre land and construction in the entire portfolio . 
Was a specific reserve for the problem credit we 've been talking about now for almost 18 months that got resolved , it was supposed to get resolved . 
Any more color on this and I think you mentioned a few minutes ago that there could be some higher syndication fees in 4 Q , Im curious if this is energy related . 
June 30 : It did n 't quite close through the bankruptcy court on June 30 ; it closed the very first business day of July . 
We also made progress towards extending our global footprint in our Latin America and Asia - Pacific regions in Latin America , we signed a training and cooperation agreement with the Brazil Ministry of Health and Seven Science and Technology Institutions . 
So they fit completely with what we 've been trying to rebuild over the last five years in terms of a continuous stream of exploration drilling potential going out over the next few years . 
This will be 11 wells in the next 16 months , so we 're going to be busy , we 'll be testing prospects in Mexico as I said , including our first operated wells . 
So we have the right to acquire up to a 30 % working interest upon a well decision following completion of the seismic program and full geological and geophysical interpretation . 
We feel we are in the position to work out at the same pace we are doing in the first two years . 
In my first nine months with Tessco , we 've implemented a number of new initiatives : We incorporated these initiatives into a sound operating plan and as you can see from our performance in the first quarter we are executing on that plan . 
We do expect the changes we have made and continue to make will result in some fluctuation in our results during the remainder of the 2000 and 18 fiscal year . 
Before I turn the call over to Aric , I wanted to give you a recap of our Tessco One event , which was held in early April , Tessco One is our annual conference . 
And I think our sales team is very energized right now and Q 1 is just an example of some things that I think we can see in the future . 
Thank you David and good morning everyone , this was a solid quarter for Tessco as the sales momentum that began in the second half of last year continued . 
As an example , Tessco has been selected by Verizon as a supplier to provide distribution of a broad array of wireless network . 
And we are on track to accomplish both of these goals in fiscal 2000 and 18 we do anticipate some fluctuation in our financial results this year as we implement a number of strategic changes across the . 
In addition , when you think about some of the large projects that are pending as well , such as 5 G perhaps that will be next year , we 'll start to see some impact of that . 
To grow , but perhaps look a little different than it has in the past until you get to the conversation around what 's 5 G going to being . 
We began fiscal 2000 and 18 focused on growing our top line and improving profitability , and we made good progress toward both of these goals this quarter . 
In the commercial dealers and resellers or var market revenue was up slightly from a year ago while gross profit was down slightly . 
Forward - looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties , and Tessco 's results may differ materially from those discussed today . 
As part of the program , Tessco will also support Verizon 's general contractors with similar programs . 
Our Q 4 growth was positive and in line with our historical trends , so we expect consumer 's organic growth will be back to more normal historical levels during the first quarter . 
Incremental strategic investments lowered margins by 70 basis points in the quarter as we indicated during our December Outlook meeting . 
We saw a number impact for total year '16 right in the middle of that range , and for the fourth quarter I will call it very similar to that of . 
Within 3 M and that was part of what we also laid out in December . 
We are increasing investments in a number of core platforms to accelerate growth in 2017 and beyond . 
Yes , Julian , that 's minus and Ill just put it in perspective , we 've had that particular item being noticeably negative on our margin for the first three quarters of this year and getting that to be neutral for us for the fourth quarter . 
And that 's down noticeably from where we 've been in the first three quarters of this year , so all in for 'seventeen we 're still expecting the . 
We 're anticipating that and taking that into account most of our raw material or commodity benefits , we 're seeing are going to be the result of three efforts we 're doing to take . 
We started that investment in the fourth quarter of 2000 and 16 and that makes up a little over half of the total . 
Looking forward , the group intends to distribute future surplus capital via the base dividend every six months . 
We would n 't be issuing franked dividends if we did n 't have franking credits by 30 June , so the amount of franking credits that are required . 
We are confident that our strategy to grow Qantas loyalty earnings keeps us on track to reach our 2022 Ebit target . 
Unit revenue for the group was up 5 . 7 % for the half as the aviation industry took action to address rising fuel prices . 
And favorable fx on foreign currency sales also contributed to the overall increase in revenue . 
Is the stability of Ebitda the key differences in the cash flow performance relate to the reversal of temporary working capital benefits ? 
The new Singapore First Lounge is set to open towards the end of 2 oh 1 , 9 and . 
The ancillary revenue strength from the Jetstar Group was assisted by the successful launch of plus 3 kg carry - on increased catering and the bundling strategy . 
To offset inflation and any other headwinds and the pipeline of initiatives for financial year , Twenty is also progressing well . 
Our focus on improving the value of the program continues , with significant expansion in partners over 90 added in the half . 
The group is at its optimal capital structure and continues to generate returns on invested capital much greater than 10 % as a result . 
Having some extra costs in connection with the acquisition of scales . 
Natural gas revenue was impacted by a 40 % decrease in AECO during the quarter . 
Your Q 3 performance seems to have been quite strong , especially on the margin front , could you just elaborate a bit on what drove ? 
We had also positive performances in ICT revenues and particularly in wholesale this quarter . 
Personnel costs for the first nine months of 2018 were impacted by additional bonuses . 
We 're getting ready to expand this program to date ; more than 5000 drivers have registered for the smart phone app in our pilot states of Ohio and West Virginia . 
Exploring new sources of revenue and preparing the workforce for the future , we 're making good progress on all four areas of focus and Id like to share a few highlights from the latest quarter . 
Before we wrap up this recording , Id like to share some recent recognition Erie earned from two national organizations for our commitment to employee health and wellness . 
Erie has received either a Platinum Gold or Silver Award from the group each year since 2009 , preparing our workforce for the future is an area of focus that very much involves our employees today . 
And a favourable end to 2016 , we continue to be pleased with the market share of our product - INCE of all of our product categories . 
Regarding the use of non - GAAP financial measures , a reconciliation of each used non - GAAP financial measure to its most comparable GAAP financial measure was provided in yesterday 's earnings release and is included in this morning 's presentation material . 
Unit margins in our chemical segment were up compared to the third quarter of 2017 on higher prices for Tofa , Tofa derivatives and other high - value products . 
While resolution of raw material access is ultimately a function of weather , we are working with our supplier to arrange alternative logistics at the site , and as of this time we are anticipating that production in Wesseling may be curtailed by approximately three weeks . 
Our polymer segment has been delivering solid growth in sales volume and improved profitability since the first quarter of 2017 , and since the first quarter of 2017 we have seen improved unit margins in our chemical segment . 
In addition , we were negatively impacted by outages at our site in Ohio , which negatively impacted the site for seven days . 
Unit margins in our specialty polymers business were lower than the third quarter of 2017 , and this was largely reflective of differences in raw material pricing and timing , which Steve will speak to in just a few minutes . 
And in France , where we were forced to take one line down for eight days and a second line down for ten days due to the quality of feedstocks we received from a supplier , the impact of these outages was confined to the third quarter with no lingering effect . 
Got it and then when you think about 'nineteen and granted I . 
Thankfully , our plant in Pensacola , Florida was not significantly affected by the hurricane , and it resumed operations on OCT 11 likewise our warehouse in Marianna . 
On slide 5 we can start with a review of the polymer segment financial results . 
Can compete with such a high speed going through a zoning process that we can do in Germany so that is one reason why we really enjoyed being on that market . 
And it 's so easy to take one as I said to take one developer and compare them with us , but we 're actually very much different , we have our footprint . 
In quarter 4 , but there are new units that will be handed over , there will always be amovement here and some . 
I also think it 's fair to point out that due to seasonal effect we hand over a lot of completed projects in Q 4 and by that it 's a natural pressure downwards on the sales ratio . 
Remember the last ten years in finance has just changed dramatically : the culture , the career tracks between large institutions , and the boutique , and the interest in the boutique model . 
Of an existential philosophy that in order to compete for the next five years , we need to have this or should we - to - or let 's discuss what we need to have . 
In order to continue to minimize adjustments made to GAAP for management reporting , we did not adjust out this accounting change ; historically , client reimbursements have not been significant relative to total revenues . 
In quarter 1 , the reduced rate is a function of the new corporate tax rate plus the impact of deductions related to the first quarter equity vest . 
Thank you good morning , Id like to welcome you to the AVX conference call regarding the results for our second fiscal quarter that ended in September . 
We continue to work closely with our customers in developing new products as we support the marks to complete 5 G deployment . 
Pretty much comparable with quarter 1 , so we did not see any impact there . 
We feel strongly that our fundamental business models continues to strengthen and is functioning well despite our Ebitda not reflecting positive results . 
There are many aspects of financial 2017 : We believe are important to discuss , I will focus the rest of my comments on these issues . 
We have just completed one of our best years for customer retention and have a good sense that much of the success can be attributed to new processes we - and systems and other programs we have put in place over the past two years . 
There are two important examples : This Id like to mention because they took enormous effort to get done properly ; the first was the opening of a new consolidated customer service center in Newtown , Pennsylvania serving certain nearby regions . 
From 17 to 18 , so that had a huge impact on the core earnings for the bank . 
Which are implemented for the customers already in Q 4 and which we will work further to the market in . 
But in Q 4 we still have the impact from the loss of the one client , but in Q 4 we had the traffic last year . 
The return of the equity accounts for this year for 15 . 2 % , which are above the target that we had set up especially good performance in the non - life business and in the life insurance . 
And if you come down to the underlying combined ratio , you can see that this 1 % up is coming from the underlying combined ratio which had moved . 
Looking in Q 1 , then you are back again because now they both are included in the figures from 1 January . 
At earliest three years from the day of the potential decision to cancel the agreement , but also there we can confirm that there is no indication at all that . 
So three notches up and you will guess that the benefits are really huge in term of financial flexibility cost of financing for our future . 
The Intreas team decided to buy additional protection during the year you know that in the range one sector you can buy during the year . 
So that is also a little bit why we have set up the structure with product area , so these are eight companies that are working hard . 
Adjusted EBIT margin declined by 20 basis points versus the prior year to 5 % the benefits of Asia - Pacific growth , our pricing actions and integration initiatives helped to mitigate the impact of lower volumes in Europe . 
We wo n 't see significant pricing actions in the fourth quarter from what 's been taken in the first three quarters of the year there will be . 
Im sort of wondering if this has to do with the environment or if this has to do with certain things that you 're doing to alw that . 
It 's in line with what I would have thought the closure of six facilities and the integration of these businesses would result in . 
I think we recognize that as we 're moving through the rest of 'eighteen and moving into 'nineteen , we 'd expect that we 'd still have some other inflationary pressures around wages or other things that will be impacting the business , but we would expect that . 
The prior first quarter and in the second quarter we 've given some of that back and the reason we 've given it back is really two reasons one we 've had a different pattern of growth this year . 
Revenues in the quarter were down 1 % with organic sales flat . 
Bit of a positive in terms of FX , we 're also adjusting our corporate expense forecast largely as a result of . 
And we own the IP and so we will continue to work with Boeing and Airbus and others in terms of helping them in their endeavours to participate more fully . 
Are still the same namely electrical and we also believe there may be some select opportunities in aerospace , but those are the two industries that we 've been spending most of our time on . 
Where we continue to see a Vs shaped recovery in the construction machinery market in China . 
Is almost identical in fact , it 's up a little bit in the first half of 17 if you take out that pension contribution , so really what happened is we had . 
We actually had a sales decline from Q 2 to Q 3 , and then the second reason is that we did have some . 
That 's good color , just one more I know you do n 't want to get in too deep into 'eighteen , but any comments on how we should think about where Eaton is hedged or has purchases locked in and how maybe the raw material climate . 
In Canada , we expect our rig count will average two rigs during the first quarter ; please remember that the rig count in Canada during the second quarter will be affected by typical seasonal factors . 
Given the strong customer demand for super - spec rigs , we have signed contracts to provide for the completion of two new apex rigs . 
Finally , we will further demonstrate that we are a leader in walking rig technology with the delivery of the first rig with our new proprietary apex - xc rig design . 
You see that in the numbers that we 've discussed for the two new rigs that were going to complete , and so we were certainly encouraged with the favorable economics to complete these rigs . 
By the agreements that we worked out with customers who needed additional spreads where we were able to get within that target range of 20 % to 30 % for that incremental spread . 
So we are able to spend some incremental cash to get these rigs to work ; the other is really just the demands for these two specific types of rigs we were essentially booked out on apexs - xks and we had a customer . 
In addition to the two spreads activated since mid - December , demand has been strong enough that we are preparing to activate another FRAC spread , which will begin working early in the second quarter . 
While we expect some early termination revenues in 2017 , the impact to average rig revenue and margin per day is not expected to be significant . 
The economics were favorable for these two rigs as a substantial amount of the spends related to the components for these rigs were committed to prior to the downturn . 
This new apex - xc is expected to be delivered in the second half of this year . 
Given the strength of our balance sheet and the fact that our pressure pumping business was Ebitda positive for 2000 and 16 , we were able to maintain our active equipment during the downturn and did not cannibalize our idle equipment . 
First , after more than two years of scaling the business lower and cutting costs , we have been able to focus on growing the company again . 
Incremental margins are probably not as useful these days , just because of all the sand everybody is pumping , but if we think about what that implies here , it looks like sort of a 60 % type incremental . 
And the apex - xc from a technical standpoint is a very good solution for his particular needs . 
When we look at our overall utilization at the end of the first quarter and going into the second quarter , we 're going to be at about 60 % utilization and really pleased to see that number for a change . 
Such as free cash flow and pro forma operating expense reconciliations of these non - GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures . 
After the transfer process is completed and the patent value is determinable , which we expect to occur by the end of second quarter 2000 and 17 at such time . 
As well as those detailed in our annual report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , and from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
As we discussed on our investor day in September , we are estimating the annual revenue of these opportunities in the next five years . 
Roger will then discuss our quarter 4 performance in more detail and we 'll then open the call up for any questions that you may have . 
In the first quarter 2018 , while this consolidation impacted and will continue to impact our results in the near term , we 're extremely proud of the year overall . 
We have right now factored into Q 1 effectively no change and now what we have been told is 60 to 90 days we are already . 
As we enter the second quarter , we continue our work to roll out SAP in Asia and Europe to go live during the early part of the next calendar year and we look to leverage the investments we have already made . 
We assume no obligation to update any forward - looking statements ; most of today 's presentation will refer to non - gaap financial results and outlooks . 
In addition , during today 's call , the company will refer to a slide presentation that it has made available to participants which can be accessed in a downloadable pdf format . 
For an explanation of our non - GAAP financial measures , please refer to slide three of this presentation or to our press release published earlier today . 
In addition , a reconciliation of GAAP to non - GAAP results is contained in today 's press release and in the supplemental information attached to today 's presentation . 
And current market conditions which are subject to significant risks and uncertainties as set forth in the risk factor section of our most recently filed annual report form 10 - K . 
Secondly , the employment numbers are getting better , wages are improving , housing data points are improving , and all four of these positive data points . 
Large increase was in May of 2000 and 15 , but any additional increases in 2016 will depend on the rate increases . 
Based on what we know today , we expect fuel and gain on sale to be headwinds in 2016 , hopefully offset by improvements in our utilization , especially in the second half of the year . 
And Ebit for Q 4 results and recognize that these results are an accumulation on many individuals efforts and focus . 
First , even with at times uneven earnings performance , your free cash flow has remained consistently robust , and your leverage has declined consistently for seven straight years . 
If the market wo n 't give you proper credit at these multiples , why not use your free cash flow along with another turn of leverage and buy back 35 % to 40 % of your market cap ? 
What percentage of your customers are utilizing more than one of your services more than two can you quantify the cross - selling opportunity you have ? 
To start with in 2015 , Ill admit that there were several areas where we felt we fell short . 
First dating back to the beginning of 2015 , we discussed that the quarterly rate comps would become more difficult as the year progressed . 
We expect our truckload fleet to hold relatively firm throughout 2016 , with the only real reduction being realized by potential shifting from the truckload units into other segments such as our dedicated . 
Loaded miles per tractor per week was down 2 % for 2 / 4 in a row now would you expect that to continue as long as the environment is loose , what makes it get better and what drives it worse ? 
As we 've previously mentioned , although we do not plan on growing , our consolidated truck count above the 2015 fourth quarter levels . 
Can you provide us with some additional granularity on the sequential increases in Ebit for Swift 's other non - reportable segments ? 
I want to set the backdrop as I prepare to talk about 2016 because even if you assumed an extreme case of 0 % increase . 
A Retailer That Is Adding 15 % Store Growth Last Year And They 're Going To Add 15 % Store Growth Next Year We Have Another Account That Is . 
We expect that on a consolidated basis the fleet will remain relatively flat from where we are in 2015 , this may fluctuate a little bit on a quarterly basis as the replacement cycle occurs throughout the year , but generally it will be flat . 
These two items are closely tied as it is difficult to improve the utilization of your fleet if your freight basket is n 't full . 
As for gain on sale of equipment , we do not anticipate selling as many tractors in 2000 and 16 as we did in 2000 and 15 and the used truck market is continuing to soften . 
We feel confident that we can continue to expand dedicated Ebit by focusing on driving improvement to the operational fundamentals of the sub - performing accounts . 
Which is what drive our business model based on conversations with our customers we believe that rates and volumes will be there in 2016 3 rd . 
A variety of these initiatives identified through our annual planning process , which may yield benefits in 2016 , first of all the new equipment and the technology that we 're bringing in . 
The storms did have an impact as the east coast was essentially shut down for three days and we are now in the process of recovering . 
We look forward to building upon this momentum throughout 2016 as we feel there are several ongoing opportunities that will further improve this segment adjusted operating ratio in coming quarters . 
A better explanation of Q 4 volumes results is that realized volumes were not as strong as anticipated moving into the month of December . 
What are you seeing economically is the consumer starting to roll over as intermodal volumes suggested throughout the fourth quarter of 15 or is it holding firm ? 
Can you provide more specifics around Planned Capex in 2016 , specifically how many trucks and trailers you intend to purchase and what is the planned net fleet growth ? 
As shown on the next slide , our lease book is well diversified both in terms of industry and also geography , and the residual value as a proportion of total lease book is less than 1 % we 'll now go through the financial . 
We believe this is a unique and highly compelling value proposition to our large existing and new SME customers in Australia and New Zealand . 
We have made progress over the last few quarters and Im pleased to see that continue into the first quarter of 2000 and 16 executing these initiatives . 
Of the 40 - 45 company restaurants , we expect all but a handful of locations to open before the fourth quarter of this year . 
While we are very pleased with the performance of our initial two locations in Toronto , particularly with guest acceptance satisfaction scores and team engagement , which are some of the highest in the system . 
Some softness during Q 2 I think some of our other folks in the industry have also been pointing to a little bit of softness as well . 
As instead of the first quarter with maybe the notable exception of one brand that 's been heavily discounted yes , the only other thing I would add to that was when you look at the comparisons in Twos year growth . 
It 's so hard to tell because fast casual black box has a very large presence there , but at the same time they do n 't have one or two of the largest names , so I think . 
We will follow that introduction later this month with the launch of two new salad offerings . 
Late - season snowstorms in our Colorado market : amore volatile industry environment and our most challenging comparisons of the year due to the timing of our lto this year relative to last . 
And then my last question you mentioned the first foray into TV , Im wondering . 
And we will continue to invest in this area during the course of 2016 , which Dave will outline later on . 
This comparable restaurant sales figure includes a 50 - basis point negative impact from the shift of the Easter holiday normalizing for the holiday shift traffic declined 70 basis points during the first quarter . 
And we will be looking at ways to leverage that as well for some of the OE customers who are in that area and also the specific capabilities they have which are quite interesting and quite . 
Line : Id like to point you towards is the fifth row return on sales , this is also excluding the cost of uplift . 
And so obviously the planning phase of all of that is key to a successful delivery we have been working for a little while , but as we go into phase two we will now start to ramp up . 
That 's settling down very well , but there is - in there 's certainly another six months to a year of work to be done there ; I would say to get back to . 
Just a couple of highlights then from the first half on a number of those points you see on slide 14 our Malvern panalytical business there on the top left . 
Asia has been very strong , was up already last year as you see up again this year and really the two engines for us in Asia are China and Japan . 
Before we begin , Id like to refer you to the first two slides of our presentation . 
A much more aggressive price increase that will become effective may one unlike some others in our space we 're . 
Confirming the strengthening demand , our lead times for plate products have expanded from approximately 10 weeks earlier in the year to approximately 20 weeks . 
Across the board and something that we 're looking to address with the price increases that we 're implementing effective May 1 as well . 
Meanwhile , primary aluminum prices have been trending steadily higher over the past two years . 
Moving to slide 12 overall , our outlook for 2000 and 18 is unchanged ; we expect improving demand for aerospace applications throughout the rest of the year as destocking begins to moderate . 
As well , it was a combination of the two that - it was a combination of two bad rules rule factors there in the first quarter . 
That shows the metal price going back to 2000 and 16 , and you can see it 's been steadily increasing . 
So all of our contracts are predicated on passing through the full us cost of prime . 
Perhaps even into 2000 and 19 before we completely get our practices , Fine - tuned to take full benefit of the capacity and the cost efficiency that we should get from this . 
But will be partially offset by the completion of amajor project during the third quarter of 2015 , which we have previously discussed . 
For the first half of 2018 we have increased gross and operating margins by over 200 basis points . 
Our customers revenue growth and the growth of just about every supplier in the WFE market . 
And stock repurchases to include - Include - Excuse me to increase shareholder value , each of these three aspects will hopefully help you understand why Ichor is a great company and a great investment . 
This is a good time for me to interject a few comments about China tariffs , which is the other key factor that the industry is facing in Q 3 while there is still a great deal of uncertainty and doubt about the effects of tariffs . 
First , our financial performance in Q 3 is proving that there is little to fear in downturns as we now know them they are shallower , shorter and much more profitable than the downturns of yesterday . 
As we were ramping up in Q 1 , not only did we ramp up their business , but we got them on a . 
It is becoming clearer that as much as half of all Chinese imports could face a 25 % tariff . 
Id also like to note that we have added a schedule which summarizes Gaap and non - Gaap financial results discussed on this conference call , as well as key balance sheet and cash flow metrics . 
We understand that investors will always be concerned about the semiconductor business cycle , but our Q 3 outlook demonstrate that these concerns should be mitigated . 
We 're already in the middle of doing significant amounts of qualifications for incremental revenue and even while we see amore robust Q 4 in front of us across the board . 
We began initial qualifications last quarter with first revenues now expected at the end of this year and accelerating into 2000 and 19 so this is happening . 
As well as the Korean subsidiaries of Other Oems , which will be an incremental revenue driver for 2000 and 19 , we have also the opportunity to expand our market share in liquid delivery modules . 
As we look into 2000 and 19 , and with that I will turn it over to Jeff to provide more detail about our second quarter financial performance and our guidance for the third quarter . 
Much less send them to inventory at the OEM and wait to be integrated so . 
During our third quarter we will experience an inflection point where net commodity cost pressures become a tailwind instead of a headwind please turn to slide 4 I want to briefly review our global businesses . 
We believe maintenance free batteries are the preferred choice of motive power customers ; EMEA continues to experience healthy motive power sales growth . 
These gateways are a fast and easy way to power and connect 5 G security or any number of other Internet of Things or IOT devices . 
Our CTO sees tremendous opportunities to drive up performance and drive down costs . 
Another operational focus for us right now is looking forward to the alpha transaction to make sure that we combine the two respective supply chains . 
Customers acceptance of Nexsys Pure is as strong in EMEA as the Americas and we believe sales will make up over 10 % of their revenue in the near future . 
As you know , on October 30 , we announced our agreement to acquire the Alpha Technologies Group . 
Our adjusted effective income tax rate of 19 % for the second quarter . 
Please now turn to slides 11 and 12 , as usual we have provided information on a year - to - date basis similar to that for our second quarter on prior pages . 
See Forward - looking statements included in Item 2 Management 's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations . 
This transformational acquisition is an integration of two leading businesses with complementary strengths : Alpha 's mission is to keep the world working by delivering solutions that meet today 's and future power challenges . 
The recent drop in spot rates for lead wo n 't improve our results until mid Q 3 , consequently our gross profit rates should improve by . 
We issued an 8 - K and press release and held a call similar to this last Tuesday announcing our acquisition of Alpha Technologies . 
We expect the vast majority of this reduced volume to be offset once we have additional TPPL manufacturing capacity , allowing Enersys to expand sales . 
Our best estimate is that more than 5 million antennas will eventually be installed to provide complete 5 G coverage . 
On a product line basis , motive power was even while reserve power was down 3 % , now a few comments about our adjusted consolidated earnings performance . 
We 've got two factories in China that have a capacity problem because of China Tower . 
We have accepted and are in alignment with the recommendation of the FDA accordingly . 
Furthermore , to ensure that we 're prepared to quickly start the trial following IND clearance . 
Which is also compelling , so we 'll need to say , but as of now these are completely two different paths and each has its own . 
We believe an optimal dose therapy protocol of just 3 - 4 visits that offers much faster resolution of psoriatic plaques and greater convenience to patients has the potential to dramatically increase our market share . 
We expect to continue to generate positive cash flows for calendar year 2017 and we believe that we have sufficient cash resources to fund . 
I think we passed the final test just last week that we wanted to get through to show that we had the right product working and doing the right things , and we are preparing our submission to FDA to set up that meeting . 
As we 've discussed our vision for strata is to become the dermatology and aesthetic medicine partner of choice . 
Our sales reps are being incentivized to work with our existing customers to improve the understanding of the value of Xtrac to their practices . 
Strata salespeople currently are undergoing training so they can effectively sell the Nordlys , in addition we will be adding highly qualified personnel to support the marketing effort . 
Our third strategic goal is to expand the market for Xtrac principally by adding proprietary treatment protocols , which require far fewer patient visits . 
We are already starting to see benefits such as reduced gas consumption and fewer service calls ; we believe that by the end of the year we will be at a run rate of 30 % to 40 % fewer service visits . 
As well as expanding the awareness of our other indications that can be treated effectively with the Xtrac , Im enthusiastic about positioning strata as the valued business partner of choice for dermatology and aesthetic medicine practices . 
But we want to do it in a controlled way and multiple sites , so we 're going to do 15 patients over three sites and run our protocol with that . 
Our goal is to position strata as a business partner , one that can help practices and physicians be successful . 
Under the terms of this agreement , Strata will be the exclusive distributor of Nordlys systems for three years , with an automatic extension out to a five - year term if minimum sales targets are achieved . 
Good Morning and Welcome to the PPL Corporation 4 th Quarter Earnings Conference Call . 
Regarding 2018 Ill Focus My Prepared remarks this morning on the full year results , please refer to the news release for additional details . 
There have not been significant changes to our UK capital plans , as those have already been accepted by Ofgem through the end of Riio - ed 1 as we think about future spending beyond the current price control period . 
We continue to deliver on our commitments to customers and shareowners , and we will continue to deliver long - term value for those who invest in PPL that concludes our prepared remarks . 
Who has a wealth of experience with over 25 years at WPD , I have great confidence in Phil 's ability to lead our tremendous team there ? 
Also in 2018 we continue to invest in our employees developing the pipeline of future leaders and fostering amore inclusive and encouraging innovation among our employees . 
And the reduction in tax benefits on holding company interest expense due to the lower federal tax rate resulting from us tax reform . 
And to continue the company 's proven track record of outstanding execution established by Robert over the past 20 years . 
We closed the year with strong operational and financial results as announced earlier : Today we achieved the high end of our 2018 ongoing earnings forecast range . 
In addition , and for the second straight year , PPL Electric posted its best year ever for safety . 
Moving to Slide 3 , Our Agenda This Morning begins with a brief overview of 2018 results and PPLs business outlook for 2019 , Ill also provide a brief update on key regulatory developments . 
As one of America 's best employers in 2018 , our Pennsylvania operations were also recognized as Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion . 
Turning to slide 6 , we wanted to clarify and outline some observations about Ofgem 's recent Riio - 2 consultation document . 
In the next few weeks and be able to be in a position to announce that I can not comment on the proposed terms of the partnership of about what we 've actually put in today 's ASX statement . 
So if you could just explain that and the other thing is on your traction motor , Im just wondering if you could just clarify if this is the - to if you have one model and this is going into a particular . 
In the life pensions and investment space market , volatility has impacted new business flows over the past six months . 
Our buy - to - let book is well seasoned with 9 out of 10 of those mortgages . 
Ill now conclude by summarizing the key highlights of our financial performance in the last six months . 
We effectively talk about three parts of that program : We talk about reviewing or reducing the liabilities . 
We will also be referring to certain non - gaap financial measures ; additional information regarding these measures can be found in the slides labeled non - gaap financial information at the end of the presentation . 
Slide 3 shows the agenda for today 's review following the formal presentation : We will be pleased to take your questions . 
Primarily driven by the addition of new business and operating efficiencies , Slide 7 shows the quarterly results for our two product segments . 
As I mentioned in my opening slide , we 've been investing in our business for a long time now and slide 16 highlights the significant investments we have made . 
Ray has 30 years of experience with Lear , including several international assignments ; he has led both product segments and most recently transformed our seating business into the fastest growing and most profitable seat supplier in the industry . 
In between the two is what looked a little odd , and - 10 hey all the more power to you , it looks great that you 're picking up that additional business I was just curious if . 
Slide 6 shows the financial highlights for the fourth quarter ; our positive momentum continues with record sales , record core operating earnings , and record adjusted earnings per share . 
E . s systems accounts for 40 % of the backlog as we continue to increase market share . 
With the team that we have built the investments we have made in both two outstanding business segments , we are perfectly positioned for continued profitable growth . 
EV , so like Ray said the backlog is very strong in these areas we 've had a lot of success in all the regions . 
For all your hard work and dedication , it 's been an honour and a pleasure to serve as your CEO , these past six years Im leaving in peace because I know we have the right CEO in Ray Scott . 
Much better than anything that 's available on the market today , we 're averaging about 1 to 2 seconds on signal communication versus about 30 seconds . 
The fourth quarter in those two markets will definitely be softer than they otherwise would be , and that will start to dissipate well , probably the first quarter will be a little softer . 
I think those two markets are comparatively larger for Berkeley Point than they are for Newmark taken as a whole . 
As you know , we sold one business to NASDAQ and we sold another business to the New York Stock Exchange . 
Our growth was also driven by solid performance from our fenics fully electronic business . 
That was not included in our Retax Pre - in our recast pretax earnings for the fourth quarter of 2016 , we expect our provision for taxes on distributable earnings . 
An improved operating profitability in financial services was led by the cost synergies we delivered over the course of last two years . 
With two of these combined into one paper in the New England Journal of Medicine along with one analytical verification and two clinical utility studies . 
In this quarter we executed five new contracts through Regence Blue Cross . 
Pivotal clinical validation data from our multi - center prospective brave trial for the Envisia Classifier were presented at the American Thoracic Society Conference in May . 
And so the improvement there and the performance of the product is something that has a lot of clinicians really excited about the afirma GSC and wanting to gain some experience with it , so we 're really happy with that . 
We are not changing our production guidance range for 2000 and 18 ; we have made significant steps to reduce our transportation costs in Colombia . 
Which make us a natural partner for the governments , the communities and the contractors where we operate we seek to operate at the highest levels of HSE performance and ethical compliance . 
A number of development wells at Quifa Southwest originally planned for the first half of 2000 and 18 have been deferred to the second half of the year . 
Should we expect sales to ramp up to the full amount of roughly 86 hundred barrels a day and once the pipeline repairs are completed since you have oil in storage there and ? 
Comments on that and then Ill hand over to David to talk about Ebitdar and the cash balance I think the simple answer on . 
Higher oil prices which result in lower volumes relating to PAP at Quifa Southwest . 
During the restructuring of Frontera in late 2000 and 16 , second priority is to improve the quality of our existing upstream business . 
My four priorities since taking over as the CEO in April of this year have been the following . 
We are currently at Sixoh Oh 0 and the well should be complete by the middle of August , with evaluation and testing operations set for the end of August . 
As we progress through 2000 and 18 , we will continue to identify and evaluate areas for continued efficiency gains in our operations and improve our cost structure . 
The 410 basis point improvement in operating margin over the same quarter last year . 
On the 48 th volt front , the deployment of our products in data center is expected to be delayed beyond calendar 2017 due to a change in requirements for the targeted lead project . 
We are increasing revenue across multiple product categories at amajor us mobility OEM and we have grown content in audio and standard products . 
Come down from the 30 % or so we had in the previous years probably slowly . 
But I think that in terms of the technical merits of the 48 s volt architecture that we have presented to our customer and to the market now are good . 
For every single geography - every single oem in all the geographies that I mentioned in the prepared remarks . 
And not really being affected by the fact that somebody has two or three product lines that they 're selling together to a customer that 's been at least my experience , so I do n 't think that 's going to have a . 
This gives us flexibility to support our customer as they switch production to the Galaxy S 7 given our overall performance in the quarter and our view forward . 
In smartphones outside of the two largest oems , we expect consumer revenue will be down in the December quarter with lower revenue at our leading customer . 
Distribution of the control to the factory floor was something that we could see coming almost five or six years ago , so we were preparing the products for it . 
On the flip side for whatever comes out next could that mean you get some increased content on the - minute whatever the note 8 or whatever the next generation is . 
Try to get it down a few more days to get at 60 or a couple days below that and we are . 
We do have - minute and in that market obviously we do have our 48 s volt initiatives , but we do have 12 s volt products as well that can . 
Im proud of our first quarter results as each of our businesses delivered strong operating performance and increased Ebitda despite the slower - than - expected pace of us housing starts in the first quarter . 
First quarter new home sales were 15 % above fourth quarter levels , and March sales were the highest in nearly 18 months . 
And in those instances where we 're over a hundred percent , we do n 't look at that as a cause for panic , we 've got levers that we can pull there are some . 
Western housing starts increased 30 % in March compared with February as rain and snow receded , and we are hearing of increased demand for cement and rebar in a number of areas signs that foundations are being poured . 
And overall economic fundamentals remain positive , with increasing real wages , unemployment at 50 - year lows , and strong job growth in key housing markets . 
We did defer a little bit of silviculture in Q 1 that 's going to get pushed to Q 2 , so that 's about half of it , the other half is really just around timing of vessel shipments and so . 
Nor are we expecting ameaningful decrease , and so it would more or less on par with kind of how we 've been tracking in Q 1 is how we 're currently seeing it . 
In 2018 we harvested a greater proportion of our annual volume during the first quarter . 
Comparing our first quarter results with the year ago quarter , Ebitda decreased significantly due to lower average realizations . 
Turning to our real estate energy and natural resources segment second quarter earnings and adjusted , Ebitda will be lower than the first quarter . 
We will discuss non - gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of gaap can be found in the earnings materials on our website . 
Average realizations for our southern logs increased approximately 3 % as extremely wet weather limited log supply and drove improved realizations for sawlogs and pulpwood across most of the south . 
Strong real estate activity in the fourth quarter of 2018 allowed us to pursue additional transactions that closed in the first quarter . 
That generally will work itself out over the course of the year as it typically does , and so I do n 't think you should look at Q 1 cash flow really and annualize that that would n 't be a typical way to do it . 
Does it in particular make sense to maybe generate some additional cash for share repurchases just given where the stock trades relative to Nav So ? 
And the second question is : Is there ameaningful way in which you can differentiate yourselves in a 5 - G world , how do you think about ? 
Mandates for VOO to be honest , I think for the time being we do not see that there will be . 
Free application : What you see there is that in DTA the bundle goes down for a while and then people start using the datamore and more and more . 
I think that in a nutshell sums it up and very good acquisition , but that 's much more recent since the focus of Q 4 was on that conversion . 
We 're taking a two - step approach for the connection in the home , I mean the physical connection in the home , it is when we 're opening the roads and when we are active in the streets we offer the various customers . 
And we anticipate being ready by the end of this quarter to take GMP products for our customers . 
Which would have driven more Q 4 business had we been in better shape in those businesses . 
In terms of new store productivity , it 's actually been fairly stable over the last five years since we 've entered the Midwest so . 
As usual , these numbers do not reflect our plans to close or relocate about 10 older stores . 
Before we begin the question - and - answer session , Id like to thank John Call for his leadership and the numerous contributions he has made over more than two decades at Ross . 
Our recent stock prices with new repurchase program represents about 8 % of the company 's total market share . 
For a protocol violation after he received an unrelated vaccination for shingles just before his second dose of SELS 212 , his uric acid level had been fully controlled over the first month . 
Thank you William and thanks to all of you who are joining us this afternoon within the past hour , we issued our Q 4 press release and also posted some slides that we 'll be referring to on today 's conference call . 
Before I turn the call over to them , we 'd like to refer you to slide two on the presentation and advise that certain remarks we make during this call about the company 's future expectations , plans and prospects constitute forwards looking statements . 
So we developed stopping rules for our Phase II trial , and further we find them in the first part of the trial . 
Correlating with the lower dose of the uricase enzyme , but control is still solidly below ohsix mgs per deciliter ; one patient shown third here reached the trial stopping rules . 
As you may recall , we previously said that we expected our existing cash to be sufficient to take us into the first quarter of 2018 based upon the payments we received from Spark in December . 
Most of these individuals are well served by oral medications that are in the market , such as allopurinol ; however , our market research indicates that more than half million patients in us . 
We initiated our Phase II trial in the fourth quarter , while we remain in the early stages of this trial we have been emboldened by its progress and by the patient data that has been generated thus far . 
Multiple serum samples have been collected from all patients for the measurement of ADA levels , and the analysis of these samples is currently on going . 
All but one of the remaining patients in this cohort had received a third dose as of March 23 , and there have been no saes reported in this cohort . 
This work has led us to begin planning with NCI for a potential combination . 
Werner : During the first part of the trial we refined the stopping rules and while we were doing that some of the patients missed the dozing window around the 28 days . 
For the same period in 2000 and 15 , the decrease in net loss per share in the most recent quarter . 
Within 2017 we reset several business strategies and tactics to enable greater value production shipments . 
For example , to serve some portions of this market , we are developing technologies such as MEMS and other game - changer solutions . 
During the first quarter of 2018 , Wells Fargo Bank extended our credit line agreement , which had been originally set to mature . 
There 's two major drivers that we are looking at for growth organically . 
You have certain flows that are qualified in certain fabs and Newport Beach was the initial flagship for all of the RF SOI products also . 
A very big difference than the RF SOI , but on the margin side it 's a very big difference . 
That go well beyond the performance possible with today 's RF / SOI processes and will provide us a strong competitive advantage . 
This part of the power management market addresses about 50 % of the overall PM market and supports many end applications . 
The 1 deals with 300 s millimeter , where we 've stated that one of our growth engines for the second half of the year . 
So I - minus it 's a little bit hard for me to commit to that , although I think there is one customer that is desirous to press release with us on what they 're doing at 300 s millimeter , but for the most part I think it 's just to track the revenue and listen to the calls watch the numbers . 
Should be given to us is 50 % of the capacity of the factory . 
Into Zte that have an impact sit among our customer base . 
On the forecast at the beginning of 2000 and 19 we will decide to invest to increase capacity in that factory . 
That 's why we have the confidence of the greater than the 25 % , but it 's really based on what the customers are telling us and our judgment of the reliability of the customer and their own markets and their position in their own markets . 
The math that I just gave the arithmetic I just gave you 'd see that the fourth quarter of 'eighteen is . 
Moving to Page - 2 to slide 17 as we have already noted last year , we noted that we were coming off the back of a significant period of expansion for a number of customers . 
And will deliver new revenues in fy '19 and beyond as these projects are commissioned ? 
Connecting more gas resources will definitely help with putting downward pressure on prices and that is what APA does and continues to do well . 
This group has also been tasked with establishing a secondary pipeline capacity trading platform ; the trading platform builds on the work that APA has done to develop innovative capacity trading products for shippers to readily trade their capacity . 
The growth that might be expected for the business in fy '18 because we do n 't have a number of . 
The range in Ebitda is generally attributable to the discretionary business that we - minus that our customers do with us . 
The Gas Market Reform Group is also implementing the earlier decision by the COAG Energy Council . 
What we 've done in fy 'seventeen confirms that our long - standing strategy of delivering connected and sustainable energy solutions . 
Owning more of this sort of dynamic kit along with the likes of our gas processing and storage assets and our renewable energy assets will see SIB Capex at higher levels going forward . 
During the year , but we feel comfortable with this range and that new revenues will begin to flow off this year 's capital projects in 2000 and 19 and beyond . 
Long - term investors on the call are well familiar with Apa 's views on this Australia has sufficient and significant gas resources . 
On slide 6 we have listed the tools that APA has at its disposal that are enabling amore liquid and affordable gas market . 
We anticipate corporate costs can be kept at or around these fy 'seventeen levels going forward with the current business mix . 
Reflects that the net number of people who left the island from September 2017 to . 
Before I cover the highlights for 2018 , I am pleased to report that today we announced a series of planned capital actions that we intend to execute this year . 
These investments achieve more attractive after - tax yields without adding credit risk or materially changing the characteristics of the investment portfolio ; the overall duration of the bond portfolio is still under three years . 
Please turn to slide 12 : We continue to improve our leading market position in Puerto Rico , which puts us in a strong position to take advantage of future opportunities . 
Our plan is to continue with our strategy of becoming a pure - play gp and not owning fixed assets upstairs . 
But - is so that 's what is connected to our target of 15 % to 20 % in the GP or Teekay parent dividend . 
We likewise are n 't losing money when oil is down at - 10 s in the 40 s and 50 s , and so we - s - in , but obviously everyone is concerned about the energy market now , but . 
And so we continue to see that our offshore and our LNG markets will continue to grow , albeit not as fast as people had thought . 
This vessel is currently providing ammonia transportation services under a 10 - year charter with Potash Corporation . 
Well , most - in what I always ask people is what was the price of oil 10 years ago . 
Which they are going to take up at their December board meeting , the amount that we receive as 26 % owner is not that significant compared to the amount we receive . 
With the anticipated sale of the remaining six offshore and shipping assets . 
Well , it 's really two different things ; one is what you just said , which is that we already have enough growth in the book . 
That the whole energy space has been affected , we saw this in Oh 9 , and that 's why we 're trying to stress the stability of our niche in the energy market . 
As was the case last year and will be for the next several years the vast majority of our capital investments relate to CPGs extensive inventory of growth in modernization projects . 
With recent legislation extending bonus depreciation , we do not expect to pay cash federal income taxes until 2000 and 23 due to the intensity of our capital investment program . 
And as we 've noted on a number of occasions , we expect those projects will result in a tripling of CPGs net investment level . 
Finally , and notably in December , we filed a customer agreement with the FERC to extend our Columbia gas transmission . 
With that , Id like to look forward and take amoment to discuss our 2016 financial guidance . 
The path act back in December what that would mean for you , I just want to clarify , I think when you had put out the original presentation in May you had assumed no expansions . 
Moving to slide 9 as a direct result of our strategic partnership with GDS during the second quarter , we signed leases totaling more than 10 MW with two Chinese hyperscale customers . 
Upon completion of the projects in the pipeline and the closing of the zenium transaction , the size of our portfolio will be more than 4 million colocation square feet . 
Yes and we 're sitting on almost 400 acres of land inventory for future development . 
In addition , some of the company 's remarks this morning contain non - gaap financial measures ; you can find reconciliations of those measures to the most comparable gaapmeasures . 
Which is less than the run rate in the prior 2 / 4 as a result of lower straight - line rent adjustments in the second quarter . 
Road map is really unclear once they get out beyond five years about how much of their it kit . 
As slide 5 highlights , this was a phenomenal leasing quarter , and as I just mentioned we set a number of records , the revenue signed was more than double the prior fourquarter average and through the first half of the year we have signed more revenue than we did all of last year . 
While that processes is obviously taking longer than we had hoped we anticipate that we will receive approval in the next couple of months and this would give us a presence in London and Frankfurt the two large data centre markets in Europe . 
In terms of any other REIT product type , and even in terms of our returns to some of our competition , those are really off the chart even with a bit of compression in the unlevered returns for the cloud deals . 
Providing an attractive comprehensive solution for our customers and 70 % of our revenue is from customers in multiple locations throughout our portfolio . 
For 2000 and 18 , with the exception of the increase in our metered power , reimbursements range the changes to our ranges are attributable to a change in our assumption . 
Bookings for the group was up 50 % versus last year and I think that 's just giving a broad amount of indication for just how strong this is . 
The press release and the information on this call speak only as of today 's date , and the company disclaims any duty to update the information provided therein , and herein I will now turn the call over to Gregg Mollins , president and CEO of Reliance . 
In regard to energy , the general consensus from our customer base throughout the country is more positive today than it was 90 days ago . 
We were very pleased with our ability to sustain our strong gross profit margin throughout 2000 and 16 our FIFO gross profit margin . 
Turning to our outlook given the positive sentiment for both metal pricing and demand in early 2000 and 17 , we are optimistic in regard to both business activity levels and metal pricing . 
But in late 2000 and 14 we placed a renewed focus on properly pricing the value we provide to our customers . 
Assuming no significant changes in market conditions , we believe that we can sustain a reported lifo gross profit margin . 
While overall demand for metal products was not as strong as we expected when we entered 2000 and 16 customer sentiment has improved . 
Looking ahead to 2017 , we expect to continue executing on our balanced capital allocation strategy that includes growth through both acquisitions and organic investments . 
Where we experienced healthy volume growth in 2016 based on these trends , our outlook for the aerospace market remains positive . 
Common alloy aluminum conversion pricing has remained fairly stable , as did our volume levels in 2000 and 16 ; most of our common alloy aluminum products are sold to sheet metal fabricators that support a variety of end markets . 
This focus and effort produced six consecutive quarters of FIFO gross profit margin improvement . 
And was in line with our guidance of down 5 % to 7 % , we had expected our average selling price to decline 1 % to 3 % in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter . 
Please refer to our earnings release issued earlier today for a reconciliation of our non - gaap adjustments . 
To say that we 're going to be sustainable at 30 % is probably a little bit of a reach . 
Has now kind of stabilized versus what it was like again in the past five years . 
But it may not and it really depends on the circumstance at the time and it might different if it 's one year from now . 
Yes , so the color is , there is really no color which is to say if you were to go back over the course of the last 8 / 4 and take . 
Secondly , on APAC , Im just wondering if it might be premature to ask the question having sort of just got back into quarterly profit , but can you just touch on the things that ? 
Was 3 , 4 % as we secured more contracts and executed at a better level . 
We signed an agreement to purchase the assets of Tennessee RV Supercenter : We expect the acquisition to close before the end of the calendar year this dealership will be branded Lazydays of Knoxville after the close . 
Let me provide you an update on the milestones we achieved since we last spoke 90 days ago . 
Does it make sense to maybe look even further strategically between the two businesses , I do n 't know maybe if you could just talk a little bit about ? 
With no major tranches of debt coming due until 2020 , when we think about leveraging economies of scale and experience as a company , we have spent the last five years developing the necessary assets around our software . 
Today our debt is actually lower than where we were two years ago and yet our portfolio has changed significantly and it 's a portfolio that has shifted to growth . 
In addition , we now have closed three platform deals with our global systems integrators ; these deals are amanaged service and have the opportunity . 
The Pitney Bowes of Tomorrow will continue to evolve : I anticipate that our conversations a year from now will be different just as they are different today from five years ago . 
Primarily driven by the addition of newgistics , which was not in our results last year and accounts for six points of the drop . 
So we expect an improved performance in Q 4 versus the previous quarter as a result of the holiday season . 
We took on a 10 - year take - or pay agreement for a new supply connection and terminal in the central Kansas uplift . 
Liquids line in the country that moves about 2 million barrels a day of refined products up from Louisiana up to Washington , D . C , and maybe even up into New York Harbor . 
We have the best service we 're connected now to or will be connected now to three refineries which give direct take away off of the pipe improved markets . 
Contracted and designed at 800 million a day once you get into service , and you start to see how it runs , and you see how the gas - in where the gas is going and where it 's coming from and how the turbines are behaving . 
Or measures calculated and presented in accordance with Gaap with that let me now turn the call over to David for his opening remarks . 
Particularly what we have found in the middle of the system is that you 're seeing supply optionality is becoming a focus point for a lot of those folks , and so the utilities are looking at a connection with Rex . 
And one month of results from the Powder River gathering system that was acquired in early June . 
We found out that there was a demand in the dj et cetera and that 's why we ended up building the necl piece kind of simultaneously and . 
And the power plants and industrial customers are looking at a connection with Rex that allows them to access both the . 
I know you 've still get two other JV partners on that is there a chance that this ends up as a wholly owned asset is that something that 's kind of on the radar as low hanging fruit or is money better spent elsewhere right now . 
The 800 million a day that was anticipated on the Power Up project . 
We do not expect to file the K before the SEC deadline of March 16 ; as a result , the company has requested from NASDAQ . 
The MOU was signed in parallel with the approval of an exclusivity agreement with Brookfield Asset Management to negotiate a possible business transaction . 
Another extension of time to regain compliance with applicable NASDAQ reported requirements . 
It should be noted that we have not yet completed and filed our annual report for the full year 2016 , so the numbers shown remain as estimates . 
In March 2015 , with an agreement with a regional marketer to export our crude by a truck to international markets . 
In light of this - in light of the disruptions at the border and very low realization on truck exports at the prevailing benchmark prices , the MNR recommended that Hawler crude should only be sold by the Kurdistan export pipeline . 
The size of any funding required for the balance of 2015 will be a function of planned activity production levels and revenue at that time . 
By reentering and completing one or two of the previously drilled exploration wells and drilling a new well . 
We have solidified our financial position by securing funding for our Plan 2016 activities and by restructuring contingent consideration liabilities to align payments . 
Scope of the first phase of the project will likely include the construction and new production facilities , and the recompletion of one or two previously drilled exploration wells and potentially the drilling of one new well . 
Rex American Resources assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward - looking statements . 
This reflects the lower operating performance of these plants consistent with the industry this year versus last year , and the fact that we stopped recognizing equity income on the Patriot plant at May 31 , 2000 , and 15 upon the close of that sale . 
We 've also taken delivery of all four additional leased haul trucks in our plan and that provides us with the truck haulage capacity needed in the first couple of years when the waste movement is at its highest . 
Earlier this afternoon we released our press release with summary results for our 2016 fiscal year , including a table showing our results by segment which separately breaks out our Xcede loss . 
All of this potential revenue is difficult to predict and forecast financially , but does represent examples of technology within RMD which could be spun out . 
Well , so you can see right here that it 's in these three products that we 've shown you a picture of . 
This required a supplemental funding to keep the company alive through February 2017 and a request to our development partner , Cook Biotech , to assist with the first - inhuman clinical trials . 
Which has resulted in what could potentially - kilometre , which was previously a tenpolis to 15 th - hour tuning project to get these things back in the field , has reduced that time down to less than an hour . 
What essentially happened in the contract research business in 2016 was . 
How soon till that might get to the point that it could offset the losses from the continuing FDA trials here ? 
That is a program where we are jointly developing with two other partners replacement . 
The devaluation of major Latam currencies in the third quarter accounted for a significant share of the FX impact you have seen in our sales line , and it was actually more pronounced than we had expected still in summer . 
Preferred supplier during the rollout phase as I recall historically that was a role that you were able to keep for at least two to maybe even three years post the launch of the plants before they considered . 
We will continue to invest , but despite these investments given our cost focus and the history that you 've seen in the last three to four years . 
And indeed we saw some substantial hardware placements in Q 2 , which I called out . 
And have you actually got the numerical data for just the intermediate and poor risk groups in javelin for a similar cutoff and maybe ? 
And can not be compensated by the good performance we continue to expect for the three other . 
We have for sure an upside here from the dollar in H 1 , so I hope this clarifies what guided us when we were adjusting the currency assumptions . 
Explicit and you will see that in all three business sectors we have a clearly over - proportionate impact on the bottom line compared to the top line effect , which by nature drives down the margin . 
We also saw another visible pickup in momentum compared to an already strong Q 2 sales of Mavenclad and Bavencio continued to rise , and our opportunity in general medicine franchises grew yet again strongly . 
Secondly , due to the strong oled growth that we have experienced in the third quarter of . 
For a detailed discussion of the risks and uncertainties that affect the company 's business and that qualifies as forward - looking statements made on this call , I refer you to our periodic and other public filings filed with the SEC . 
And the willingness of Casdin to enter into a one - year lockup on these shares underscores their long - term fundamental investment strategy , now Id like to turn the call back over to Mike . 
In closing , Q 2 was an operational and financial success and continued evidence of our ability to efficiently manage the business in a period of sustained high growth . 
We hit 70 % so in terms of where it can go Dylan , I really do n 't want to get into that I want to see the next few quarters as we maintain these levels of production and perhaps even increase them . 
Well , it does include some people in the QC area ; it includes some additional customer support people based on the increased activity on a revenue basis . 
We believe our proprietary biopreservation media products have been used in more than 300 customer clinical applications . 
And the estimated enrollment of that again is somewhere around thousand patients or so . 
As a reminder , this call is being recorded and broadcast live on our website ; a replay of the webcast will be available through the same link for 90 days . 
With respect to our outlook for the full year of 2000 and 18 , as we noted in our preliminary revenue release in early July . 
That 's correct , we 're running one shift in one clean room , we are in the process of opening up the second clean room , and that - 10 there are costs associated with that that will definitely fall into the third and fourth quarters . 
And which is a pressure on net interest margins is the whole LCR regime or the liquidity coverage ratio regime . 
In terms of the margins and I do hope and believe that the RBI in due course will reduce . 
Which is now in the hands of the regulator to moderate as we go into 2018 for the rest of the year , so I hope that answers broadly your question . 
And I think we need to keep in mind that from January 1 this liquidity coverage ratio has moved to 90 % , so Banks had to start preparing in the second half of the third quarter towards . 
We had indicated that within a period of 18 months which is by September 18 we would be double the number , which is at about 16 million - plus customers . 
And we therefore see the Casa journey continuing to be pretty robust and strong . 
We would be competing , we were competing heavily , of course , with surplus liquidity banks , but also with wholesale funded institutions who are able to compete and bring down the rates for the last one year . 
With the space around I think it 's a very long tail business , we are talking of a very large base of assets , all of which will probably be available over the next six to twelve months really so we are patiently going ahead with that really . 
So let 's say ordinarily if you had grown at 15 % if you start growing only at about that rate , that is the time when you cut down and you come back to the normal rate . 
From an order booking point of view , do you think that will be maintained or are we in such a volatile period that you ca n 't really say that about what 's going to happen in Q 1 well ? 
We have 18 different platforms ; there are numerous opportunities to further reduce the cost by changing certain designs . 
Historically , that has been the case to overtake growth of the other two drivers in the industry so . 
It 's been two weeks since we have been Pre - released the key figures for the first half year , so I will keepmy comments on the figures short today . 
The adjustment is not the result of the actual performance in the first six months , but reflect our current expectation of bookings in the months ahead . 
At a comparable discount rate at 15 months ago and at the same volume of pension commitments , our equity ratio is now significantly higher . 
The EBIT , which is relevant for the dividend payment , will come in several hundred million euros higher than the adjusted EBIT we use for our forecast . 
Where would you be - in where do you think this is going to go in terms of 2016 , are you more confident that 's something that they can see reality and ? 
The way your tactics played out in Q 2 , it looks like there was more focus on market share preservation rather than profitability . 
The impact of the benefits from the revenue synergies and cost programs will grow in 2000 and 17 , and we feel we 've made very good progress against all of our objectives , so let me highlight some of these accomplishments in more detail . 
Most importantly , we have to keep focusing on our clients , carry forward the financial disciplines initiated in 2000 and 16 , and continue to work collaboratively as we build and improve our go - to - market strategies . 
As we 've been discussing , 2016 was a year of building a new organization , a new way to address our clients needs and developing strong focus on financial management . 
Across the board on the savings initiatives which now - 10 you mentioned two of the elements and the third element is the business restructuring . 
We do n 't have a similar really big one that we are implementing this year , we 're still going to get up to a hundred ten thousand retirees . 
We expect the mid - market to continue adopt at a faster pace than the large companies we anticipate the revenue growth to slow a little bit in 2017 , but continue to feel good about the momentum of this business in the long term . 
Constant currency and organic revenue will be aligned as we now have a full year of results for all of the 2015 acquisitions . 
Integration expenses and restructuring costs will continue to be adjusted from our GAAP measures . 
I think we 've succeeded in building this foundation and I expect to see our financial performance momentum grow in 2000 and 17 now Ill hand it back to John . 
Right at the same level as our competitors , so we feel good about this going into 2000 and 17 when we look at the outlook for 2000 and 17 , I think the thing that we would most focus on is this is probably . 
I think frustrated is the right word that it was - in we had these good savings we were getting in OIP and for one reason they were n 't dropping to the bottom line and I think one of the things we said to the analyst and investor community was . 
Perhaps one of the most important developments of 2016 was confirmation of the merger rationale . 
While the 2000 and 16 revenue performance may not fully reflect our integration and sales efforts , the commitment I see from our colleagues throughout the organization and the steps we 've taken to build the framework for Long 's term success . 
Id like to add my thanks to our colleagues around the globe for all their efforts during 2016 as we take a step back and consider the progress we 've made in just 12 months . 
How much saving will that be in 2000 and 17 yes , Id say in terms of the individual amounts and . 
If we have a closer look at the growth , we see a total growth of more than 7 % , but if we then deduct the . 
So we expect some of that contributed to the 10 % because like you said that 's a big swing for our market . 
These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP , a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available in our fourth quarter 2000 and 18 earnings release . 
Outside of Las Vegas , our Aquarius property has maintained Ebitda in Laughlin , where the market experienced some decline in visitation towards the end of the year as well as tight local employment . 
In other areas and then we could really evaluate how we think about the other two prongs of returning capital to our stakeholders . 
We 're also working in parallel with our clinical CRO that is our full contract research organization . 
I will now turn the call over to Andy to provide more details on our second fiscal quarter 2017 results as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year Andy . 
Obligation being denominated in Euro vs Us $ : We do need to mark to market that adjustment . 
We used our over one million square feet of distribution capacity and deep partner relationships . 
Because our sellers are compensated on gross profit , we maintained strong profitability in line with last year 's first quarter achieving first quarter records for adjusted Ebitda and non - gaap net income per share . 
And even green space , a recent example of the power of this solution , is one where we helped amajor Midwestern university with five campuses enhance connectivity across its entire operation . 
Given UK and Canadian operations now represent roughly 10 % of our business , it is important to consider currency translation when modeling both top and bottom line in this volatile currency environment . 
And I think that 's as much a driver as win 10 relative to what 's going on with the notebook world . 
These excellent results did not include sales of the client devices ; we discussed last quarter that were delayed at the end of 2000 and 16 as shipping did not begin until April . 
To date , Uk is not seeing significant changes in customer buying behavior even with the uncertainty related to timing and terms of Brexit ; we also continue to see excellent referral progress . 
Canada is executing well in the face of uncertainty as both businesses and governments assess the potential economic impact from any changes in us trade policy as well as potential changes in oil pricing . 
Market trends remained similar to what we saw throughout 2016 , with ongoing focus on optimization , efficiency , securitization , and the integration of software into solutions . 
It took a full year from the RFP issuance to inking the deal , and as you would expect competition was heavy , we won because of our experience and connected campus solution . 
An additional month of interest on the 6 % notes that were redeemed was partially offset by interest savings from the recent refinancing . 
Remember since we add back equity compensation expenses for non - gaap net income , the tax benefits related to equity compensation will also be excluded from our non - gaap net income . 
Comes the expectation that they will be connected everywhere any time from dorm room to classroom from dining hall to the quad , this is where Cdw 's connected campus solution comes in . 
We have no further updates since the last conference call we continue to cooperate fully with the SEC , and although we can not predict the outcome based on what we know to date , we do not expect this matter to have amaterial impact on the company . 
And therefore develop solutions for those segments if you remember back on the early days of the Common Core curriculum and CDW being kind of first to market with a prepackaged solution . 
One external factor that has changed since our last call is foreign exchange , which we now expect to be near zero for the full year based on current FX rates . 
Be shipped convert to AR and then from AR to cash , so getting that through both stages by year end is the question and that depends on . 
Our Q 2 free cash flow was below our target as working capital builds pushed our total working capital to 28 % of sales . 
Is the rest of the difference between where you were in 'sixteen and where you want to be in 'seventeen adjusting for higher profits and things effectively working capital , or is there anything else in there there there 's no swing in tax paid or anything like that ? 
But all in all I would say that we are very satisfied with the development of cash flow , bringing the leverage below two turns . 
Will kill me almost if I do n 't mention that they are very close to being a top 10 country ebit - wise now . 
The DRIP program enables shareholders to acquire additional subordinated voting shares from CARA by reinvesting all of their cash dividends ; the shares purchased will be issued at a discount from the market price of those shares . 
Looking forward , we expect to be challenged with lower revenues in the next quarter because of lower volumes and project completions , these revenue swings have been an inherent challenge in our CS business , which we are trying to address strategically . 
We have a us entity and we got global operating subsidiaries right . 
And it 's this good advice that we baked into our new Fouroh release on the Mediamiser front thanks to . 
On the iAds front , we 'll start with Synodex , our digital data product that improves both the efficiency and the accuracy of life insurance underwriting by applying digital technologies to healthcare information . 
Are the net result of amature content services business with approximately 30 % project base revenues ? 
ONeil has just provided a detailed financial review of the quarter and the year as well as our revenue outlook for Q 1 I will now provide some additional insight into the business of each of our reporting segments . 
Our goal is to shrink this loss in each of the next successive quarters and to get to Ebitda breakeven by Q 4 of this year . 
Rather than working against us , as it did in Q 4 since most of our customers were paying , then in Canadian dollars will start to work for us . 
I know you 're not providing guidance for 16 , but Im curious do you think that with respect to not providing that guidance at this point does it make sense to . 
Our discussion today includes certain non - GAAP financial measures which provide additional information that we believe is helpful to investors . 
We have scrubbed our production forecast for the remainder of the year , and while our outlook has been reduced , we still have an expectation of a higher fourth quarter over both Q 3 and last year . 
Think that you 'd see organic growth maybe in the first half of next year based on the trends that you 've seen so far and what you anticipate for Q 4 as I look out into 2016 , Id still remain bullish in terms of . 
On October , one we closed our acquisition of Priamus System Technologies Priamus is a technology leader in the development of advanced process control systems for the plastic injection molding industry . 
I want to mention relative to the performance of the oem side of the business in aerospace . 
You will find a reconciliation table on our website as part of our press release and in the form 8 th submitted to the SEC . 
As a result of this decision , a contract termination dispute has arisen and we have recorded a pretax charge of 2 . 8 million during the quarter . 
In late September , this same customer announced its decision to dissolve its 50 - 50 joint venture with American Airlines , which is amajor engine overhaul shop . 
For those who accept the offer , there will be a payout in December of 2015 , which will be made out of existing plan assets . 
The combination of new security option , a completely new operating system , and changes in application infrastructure appears to have caused it departments to proceed cautiously and therefore more slowly . 
Desktop security and iot we believe the EMM market remained solid , we continue to deliver features that differentiate us from our competitor and we have plenty of room to grow in the category . 
With regard to non - GAAP financial metrics while we believe them to be helpful in understanding Mobileiron 's financial performance , they are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP metrics . 
During the second quarter we had a large MRC customer convert to a term subscription in order to achieve cost savings by moving to a fixed term contract . 
With our continued focus on driving operational improvements as well as getting paid fair value for our products and services , we 're encouraged by the additional opportunities that still exist to resume margin growth in 2018 and beyond . 
While there has been some Brexit - related softness in general - in the general Uk economy that has impacted the housing market , we believe there is good growth potential over the longer term given the housing demographics . 
Turning to slide 13 , this illustrates the significantly improved results we are now seeing from our architectural business . 
Turning to slide 8 expanding and optimizing our business portfolio have also been an emphasis over the last several years to positively impact both top and bottom line growth . 
Higher volumes from the merchant and contractor remodel channels were offset by softness in the builder channel due in part to continued general weakness amongst the top UK builders which comprise the majority of our revenues in this channel . 
On balance , we anticipate that us reform could be favorable to our book tax rate by anywhere from one to five percentage points . 
We 're seeing a lot of suppliers still looking to try to claw back losses they 've seen with transactional FX incurred over the last 18 months , the other factor that we see is wage inflation . 
Our discussion of operating performance will include non - GAAP financial measures within the meaning of SEC regulation G . 
Adjusted Ebitdamargin in this business has grown for six consecutive quarters , with a quickening trend in the second half of 2017 as pricing actions and cost savings from the closure of the Algoma plant took hold . 
Let 's turn to annuities on slide 12 annuities are a core enablement capability for our wealth management business and part of our important set of solutions tailored to meet our clients needs . 
This is over 90 % of our adjusted operating earnings ; this demonstrates our ongoing commitment to capital return as well as confidence and our risk analytics and future cash flow capacity . 
This includes enhancing our digital and financial planning capabilities as well as upgrading to an advanced CRM system so our advisers can work in an even more integrated way with their clients . 
I would actually even add a little more color to that because it was a very strong quarter , it is in our third quarter we have our national conference which takes our top 15 % of advisers away for a week and some extend mainly for two weeks . 
And engagement , and so this is one of the things I am really excited about as we move into 'nineteen and I think it could be a big opportunity for us . 
Another critical fact point is the 75 % of claims experience provides statistically valid information that is used in estimating our reserve assumptions . 
A discussion of risks and uncertainties is included in our form 10 - Q and other SEC filings . 
Okay , I think just to follow up with that and finalize with this , but I mean you mentioned your win rates are doubling in those large contracts , I mean is that from these specific areas maybe if you could list to us , maybe the top three areas that you think you differentiate versus your competitors . 
But we really think this is a growing area of market leadership for CSC and we are planning to continue to invest in this business as we go forward . 
And in the past quarter we did make progress against all three of these key objectives . 
We continue to expect stronger earnings in the second half of the year as we realize synergies related to UXC and Xchanging , and we benefit from other cost initiatives . 
But the big difference there is UXC that 's why we bought UXC was we were going to gain a significant presence . 
On the slides on slide 2 you 'll see that certain comments we make on the call will be forward - looking . 
To the strengthening of the dollar against the pound and the euro as well as our investments in the BPS platform as we just mentioned , however . 
And is accretive to our overall margin profile of csc so that was one of the reasons why this became apparent to us last year in particular . 
And following on that , I think you mentioned in your Q 1 report that one of the factors driving increased profitability . 
The relevance of the project in - 6 weeks ago at one of the . 
I will refer you to the company 's SEC filings for more detailed discussions of the risks and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in any forwards looking statements made today . 
And a 16 % increase in the average selling price versus the prior year . 
We are extremely pleased to have undertaken this important step in our company 's growth , and I think it fits with our organizational DNA to be leaders rather than followers in all that we do . 
We had a tale of two segments , with the West accounting for the entirety of this improvement while we continue to strengthen our position in the Southeast . 
In 2000 and 16 , compared to 2000 and 15 , this is encouraging and speaks to our ability to meet the needs and wants of consumers with innovative design and high construction standards in locations where customers want to live . 
And still represent record levels moving to our land and inventory management on page 11 , another factor . 
In 2016 we are proud of this accomplishment , which is in part due to the exceptional positioning of our communities in some of the best markets in the nation . 
Into 2017 we plan to continue with our current objectives of momentum to grow revenue and discipline to prudently manage costs . 
Before the call begins on page 2 , Id like to remind everyone that certain statements made in the course of this call constitute forward - looking statements . 
These high standards are enabling us to more efficiently balance our order pace in ASP to build a healthy backlog position and improve returns . 
Nearly all are below the national average in terms of supply , and five of our eight markets have less than three months supply . 
Additionally , in 2017 we are making a significant investment in our training and development , marketing and our sales management and sales training efforts as I previously discussed . 
And our ongoing transformation of UCP into a consistently profitable company delivering improving returns on equity for our shareholders . 
To that end we have a higher mix of our new community pipeline weighted towards these two buyers segments . 
In the rate of our libor - based credit facility we had a negligible amount of capex during the quarter . 
If there 's no opportunity to do that we can keep - 6 we can pay off our debt at the MLP and thirdly the other thing we can do , then is tender for shares . 
For our company I have to say we are disappointed by the Federal Trade Commission 's decision to put us through a second request related to the proposed GPPDelek logistics joint venture to acquire terminal assets from American Midstream . 
These numbers exclude any capital related to our high - protein DDG project , which is still in the engineering and contracting phase . 
We 're going to have - in What are you going to do with 2 oh oh million to 300 million bushels of extra beans every single month except to push out storage ? 
We , along with Delek through the JV , have decided to terminate our agreement to acquire the amid terminal assets because there was no assurance we could overcome the regulatory obstacles from the FTCs review . 
And down in Texas is that we both believe in the JV we can enhance the profitability through pushing our own volumes through as well as keeping thirds party volumes flowing as well . 
Next , June , one our - 1 I believe what we also have to put out , there is the amount of gallons going into '19 with the waiver . 
We expect in the next 90 days to be able to make announcements and discuss some of the things to achieve the goal that we outlined on May 7 to you , and it all remains on track and we continue to thank you for your patience and hopefully . 
In the fourth quarter we began drilling two wells in our prolific Ruston Field in North Louisiana , in addition we began drilling our Northwest stack position in an attempt to delineate the play . 
Though early we remain encouraged by both our and other operators results in the Northwest Stack . 
Additionally , the team is pursuing growth on its existing gas and water business , as well as crude gathering opportunities and new business opportunities in the Northwest Stack . 
This is the second straight quarter that Riviera has beat guidance on adjusted Ebitdax production and capital spending . 
Finally , our strong balance sheet gives us tremendous flexibility taken together ; Riviera is set up for an exciting year in 2019 : I will now turn the call over to Dan to discuss the upstream operations in more detail . 
As I always do during the month of December , I had a chance to visit four different countries on a trip that I plan every year with senior members of our buying and operations team . 
The calculation of this tax is quite complex and the measurement dates and requirements subject to further IRS guidance . 
We expect that pricing pressures on revenue in 2016 will be offset at least in significant part through sharing of the burden with our China distributor and potentially through volume increases . 
Despite these external factors , we continue to see positive overall trends in our volume and value share for Zadaxin underscoring our belief . 
Which showed a survival advantage for sepsis patients treated with zadaxin , we expect that data should be available in about three years . 
As we noted in our announcement of July 1 , 9 In the end , those discussions ended without an offer that our board was willing to pursue . 
We continue to believe that Purch Bead has very positive revenue potential for Sciclone , our development portfolio continues to progress . 
And discussions with key opinion leaders and regulators about a possible accelerated pathway for the innovative antibiotic Vibativ are continuing . 
Our outlook for 2016 is influenced by several factors , including the overall growth rate of China pharmaceuticals market anticipated pricing pressure on the provincial level . 
Turning to slide 3 , please refer to additional disclaimers related to the presentation of our financial information and our previously filed form 8 s . 
Garrett was unaware of that action prior to Honeywell 's disclosure in its 10 - Q . 
We 'd also like to mention that today 's presentation uses numerous non - gaap terms to describe the way in which we manage and operate our business . 
We believe that these non - GAAP financial measures assist management and investors in evaluating our performance and preparing period - to - period results of operations in amore meaningful and consistent manner as discussed in greater detail in the supplemental schedules to our earnings release . 
Which we believe is a healthier option than what 's currently in the market , this innovative coffee drink contains 15 g of protein only 2 g of sugar and 80 mg of caffeine . 
The net growth in volume points in Q 3 was the largest in a single quarter since 2012 , and the second highest volume point quarter in total in the company 's history . 
You mentioned something like 70 basis points of volume growth coming from test markets , and you kind of went through that quickly I was n 't sure that I really understood what that related to . 
It 's made from real coffee and contains no artificial flavors or added colors , and best of all it 's only a hundred calories providing nutrition and energy , so many consumers are looking for as a snack or on the go . 
Or to sell them together offering more flavor variety at a comparable price to our normal 30 serving size individual flavours . 
In Australia and New Zealand we introduced our first ever Formula One select product . 
The volume point growth was again very broad based , including double - digit growth in four of our top five markets for the second quarter in a row . 
With volume increasing 19 % compared to the third quarter of 2017 building on the positive trends we experienced during the first half of the year . 
In addition to a lot of prepared comments that we have what 's most exciting is that you 're going to have the opportunity to interact with almost 20 different executives and distributors . 
Approximately zero currency impact that was included in our previous guidance estimate . 
The month the inventory was made and think of five months ago maybe as when the inventory was translated , so you get actually a benefit sequentially from - s in the short term from a strengthening dollar . 
These strategies are coming to life through exciting innovative products like those we 've recently launched all in all this quarter ; we launched a total of 58 products in 51 countries as well as a few in the past couple of weeks that I want to share with you now . 
Changing the way you think about pricing is that something that you might change going forward where you 'll be pricing more in line with FX moves as opposed to waiting for sort of the inflation to catch up . 
As you see in the Statement of Cash Flows , which appears on page 19 of our press release schedules . 
Well , the way I look at it is , we - 4 of our businesses are run well and have done things over a number of years to position us well for longterm growth . 
The real upside for value creation is combining two successful organizations into an even more innovative and talented professional services firm . 
As part of the capital planning related to the JLT transaction , it is unlikely we will repurchase any stock ahead of the close of the acquisition . 
Now in the second half of 2000 and 18 , and particularly in the fourth quarter , we did see much stronger demand than we 've been expecting across the entire portfolio and that led to the stronger performance you 've seen . 
Dan has had two successful years leading the IR team and will soon be transitioning to a new role . 
We began incurring interest expense on this new debt as of 1 / 15 , and we 'll treat this expense as a noteworthy item net of interest income earned until the closing of the transaction . 
However , in 2019 we anticipate repurchasing enough stock to satisfy our commitment to reduce our share count each year . 
We have always included transaction amortization in our earnings and have consistently challenged ourselves to overcome that cost through value creation in our acquisition JLT does n 't change our perspective . 
And it is important to note that we will have meaningful representation of senior JLT colleagues at the executive committee level . 
Growth in the quarter was driven by strong new business and retention ; the US and Canada division continued its trend of strong growth , delivering 7 % underlying revenue growth in the quarter . 
Resulting from distribution elections made by participants in our UK plan . 
That said , the integration of JLT will likely involve more adjustments to our numbers over the next two or three years than we have seen historically . 
And our visibility on backlog is typically somewhere between four weeks and three months depending on market conditions and the type of work we 're selling . 
On power systems again growth across both of its core revenue streams of OE and services . 
For it to stop being dynamic ie at what point do you think okay we can draw a line under this , it 's not going to increase anymore or is there a risk that as we get through '18 or '19 you say well actually '20 is a bit worse . 
When we highlighted our new accounting policy , we 're capitalizing a little earlier and stopping capitalizing a little later than previously , and the comparative for the first half of 17 did not have that new accounting policy in place . 
And we 're not anticipating those issues to occur on the 10 because they 're already a different design of turbine blade and they already have different coating . 
We are also modifying inventory for customers in order to deal with the changing regulations for LNG fuel stations . 
A telephone replay of today 's broadcast will be available following the conclusion of the call until Thursday , November 3 The replay information is contained in the company 's earnings release . 
This excludes the impact from any restructuring costs and assumes an annual effective tax rate of 31 % : Ill now turn the call over to Sam Thomas . 
We are seeing opportunities with quoting activity for a handful of new natural gas processing plants and feed studies for modular mid - scale LNG export facilities . 
In my first 90 days Ive spent a lot of time getting to know the business and understanding our operations , but also working on initiatives to streamline our operations and make them more efficient . 
And you have n 't seen it yet , but you possibly do as you get into 2017 , Id say it 's a wait - and - see there may be some effect in the third quarter . 
Compared with the third quarter of 2000 and 15 , the decline was due to continued weakness in upstream natural gas processing , petrochemical and LNG markets . 
As well as currency with the weakening Chinese renminbi partially offsetting , these reductions are improvements in Europe , which is continuing to see very healthy downstream LNG activity . 
In addition , the prior year quarter 's rate was unusually high as a result of a reserve against certain accumulated tax loss balances , which made up 15 percentage points in the prior year quarter . 
Like this one from a sort of profitability and volume angle for competitors , do you think there 's going to be a lot more attrition and opportunity for you to gain , share and maybe pick up some depressed assets or how do you think about that going into 2017 I ? 
And it comes down to - 10 we 're certainly encouraged by the SEC to highlight and report GAAP numbers . 
Be likely to release some sort of a guide on CECL implications . 
So there is no magic to it , it really was just those two things . 
The main factor was the increase in the outflow due to the acquisition of PPE AS . 
While interest rates have increased and REIT stock prices have contracted , economic indicators remain sound and fundamentals in our business remain healthy . 
In line with the ZIP code , we 've been experiencing over the past few years as you know . 
Call it in the mid - 2 s and I think that relationship with - d in terms of what we do with respect to annual bumps across all our leases and then where we 've been signing cash rents I think with . 
Forward - looking statements made during today 's call are subject to risks and uncertainties which are discussed at length in our press releases as well as our SEC filings . 
The decline in the midpoint is almost solely attributable to the unforeseen bankruptcy of a 62000 - square foot industrial user in Greensboro . 
And then , just with respect to 'nineteen , I do n 't think we 're in position to talk about specifics on . 
This is classified as a termination fee in the press release and in the table on page 4 in our supplemental package . 
Finally , as you know , we will provide 2019 guidance during our fourth quarter call , but in the interim there are some items I would like to highlight . 
Now Ill turn things over to Cliff to discuss some of the operational highlights for the quarter and address how they impacted Lmi 's financial results . 
In 'eighteen and then I do n 't have Gulfstream delivering until 'eighteen remind me when you 're sending content to Gulfstream for those first few deliveries , how far out ahead that is , and then for how many quarters do you think we see this ? 
Offset of 400 business , falling off and then partially offset by 500 until that actually becomes revenue generating . 
And is that a requirement that you see to accomplish in 'seventeen to position yourself for that 'eighteen growth ? 
We expect revenue to increase approximately 3 % to 4 % compared to the prior year . 
Before I talk about our plans for the second half of fiscal 2019 , let me give you a high - level overview of our segment results during the quarter enrollments in our medical and healthcare segment were strong . 
And earnings per share from continuing operations before special items to grow in the 2 % to 3 % range compared to the prior year . 
During today 's call we will refer to non - gaap financial measures , which are intended to supplement though not substitute for our most directly comparable gaapmeasures . 
The growth trends in distance learning since our soft launch in March 2018 are very positive and we 're certain that this trend will continue based on our ability to deliver high - quality academic programs and experience to our students . 
We anticipate our effective income tax rate to be in the 16 % to 17 % range . 
As we think about not only the ACAMS model , but what are the other places in terms of certifications et cetera that we 'd be able to use that model because we are recognized in the market ? 
Our press release , which contains the financial and other quantitative information to be discussed today as well as a reconciliation of non - gaap to gaapmeasures , is also available on our website . 
With regard to Ross University School of Medicine , we opened the doors to its permanent home in Barbados in January , while it is still early we 're already seeing encouraging trends and inquiries from prospective students now that Rusm has a permanent home . 
The 14 % decrease was due to cost increases to support future growth and return to a normal level of expense at the medical schools . 
By using Cutting - edge cellular science to develop personalized therapies for repairing tissue damage and disease , orig 3 n recently reported a new round of financing . 
You never know when these things are going to come up , we 're obviously in the middle of our earnings season right now , so we 're spending a ton of time listening to companies report their earnings , so Id say the opportunity is around maybe not as plentiful , but they 're still there and like I said we 've found two that . 
Or over half the total value of the private portfolio not including HZO which historically was included in this list and was sold shortly after the quarter as Kevin mentioned earlier . 
But not all of that money will accrue to the benefit of one eight oh shareholders , just a portion of that , and then the question is what do you want that fund to look like we do not actually - to we 've come to the conclusion that we do not want to . 
They also reported Last Night and the numbers were solid , the outlook was sound , and they hired a new CFO : We think the stock is grossly undervalued at this price and we 're extremely excited about the stock at its current price . 
This quarter and also on this slide we are adding orig 3 n to this list of more mature private portfolio companies that we believe potentially can drive value in the future . 
Please turn to slide 22 as we have discussed in prior calls : We have greatly reduced our operating expenses which will make it far easier to grow nav than in the past . 
We remain committed to treating every dollar of shareholder money with the utmost care and consideration it is much easier for us to grow NAV when the expense hurdle rate is where it is today . 
I guess I lied , we pulled it off again three quarters later and Im really happy for our shareholders for the quarter that we 've just had . 
So we 've already brought in outside capital with the two spvs that we 've done , we obviously got a broker - dealer license , which will enable us to compensate those that help us go out and raise outside funds . 
From the value that we had it on our balance sheet at March 31 we told you we would work towards monetizing our private portfolio if the prices were right . 
We want one eight oh to be known as a prominent and dominant leader in our world of public company constructive activism , we will continue to strive for excellence and investment performance . 
I give you an example for what we thought was going to occur in fourth quarter from customers ; they actually only spent about 58 % of the total . 
So we 've been working for several years to change that mix to a higher margin blend , we made progress all the way through 2017 pricing across a lot of categories are improving . 
And feel good about all the other growth initiatives that we have funded , but certainly I think '18 is the best year we 've had in the past three years for sure . 
Im wondering what percentage of those international regions or product categories are : Ebit positive right now and do you think that segment turns profitable by year - end in terms of the Ebit line . 
All the progress we made maintaining and acquiring new customers is paying off and we expect this to continue in 2018 as the market continues to improve . 
We are excited about E 3 and expect to hear major news on virtual reality as well as potential new consoles . 
But comping against the combination of battlefield hardline and Mortal Kombat was very tough as each of those titles sold one million units . 
Tech Brands sales are expected to grow more than 50 % in the second quarter , the projected increase in operating earnings coming from tech brands and the margin from collectibles . 
As we 've shared in Investor Day , we expect to continue to keep pace with industry digital growth and expect full game downloads to eventually settle in at the 25 % - 30 % range . 
But relative to other titles and other occasions that make sense for folks , for example a big Star Wars theme around May 4 , so we 're seeing a growth . 
And with respect to inventory at the end of the quarter , there were probably three things that happened : We did see a healthy increase in our pre - owned inventory . 
You can see some pictures of that store in the supplemental deck ; we also have 34 collectibles stores overseas . 
These events have traditionally been a catalyst for GME shares , and Mike Hogan has done some modeling of potential impact that he will share with you in his remarks . 
This metric will be most meaningful at the end of our fiscal years keep in mind that we expect 30 % or more of our fiscal 2016 operating earnings to come from sources other than physical gaming . 
As you can see on slide 10 , we continue to outpace physical software growth on the new platforms and are seeing less of a decline in Pre - owned than we are in the previous - gen physical software . 
The recent case study published by Forrester Research might be of interest to you , and it is available on our website ; their report summarizes the four takeaways we highlighted at our investor day . 
Virtual reality and new consoles are a wildcard in that business segment and could dramatically change the growth projections , and the fourth takeaway was that all of these combine to make GME a growing and diversified company . 
As we look at the months in the quarter , we expect new software for the industry to grow in May with Uncharted 4 Doom . 
Complex device : It really becomes real to them , and so we plan on literally having hundreds of stores that will have VR capability in fact that 's what we 've seen with the . 
As you can see in Schedule 1 to the release , we 're now disclosing collectibles as its own sales and margin category , it was previously included in other . 
We will update this information each quarter and later this year we will provide formal projections once we have more consumer data and initial sales data let 's turn to page 16 in the attached slide deck . 
And then secondly on VR , it seems like it would be the case this is probably obvious that gamers would . 
Please go , it 's in the first floor of our two - storey store there , so there 's a gamestop in the second store go downstairs , it 's a stunning store , and you should go check it out , I think it says a lot about . 
I think reiterated the 20 % target and now a quarter later we 're talking about 15 % , so it seems like something changed there and Im just trying to get a better handle on what that was . 
Regardless of the market conditions , as you know in Q 2 , the Korean interest rate has been going on a downward trend . 
The sale of the KEB building is being delayed , so will you be able to sell the building within the year what 's the plan with this ? 
Driving the overall downward trend in the delinquency ratio and now the provision on page 18 as was mentioned . 
For the LDR , but can you tell us about your target going forward with the change thank you very much ? 
It 's true that we are working very hard , but for the nim outlook we believe that there wo n 't be much change . 
Regarding other government rate hikes and their impacts well , it could be other factors that we are not able to actually account for now next question from NH investment . 
But it 's another matter of whether all these positions will be filled with the right candidates even if we want to hire 500 new employees . 
In June we signed 13 new partners to participate in our token service provider program in all major regions . 
While this shift impacted our reported cross - border growth rates , it has aminor effect on revenues since this is an intra - eu move , the platform made to optimize the European business . 
Also of note in - 4 th quarter of fiscal year - 16 was the first time Cross - border growth rates globally hit double digits in almost three years . 
I know you said 75 % to 80 % is the goal for the end of the year , but just looking for amark for today . 
After three quarters here at Visa , Im quite pleased with our business progress and our high level of execution . 
We expect that client migrations to the new systems will begin by the end of full year '18 in moving our European clients to Visanet we can provide enhanced network . 
Period of time to get through over 100 client contracts has just taken longer than we . 
To enable merchants to sign up and that is why we initially went with a QR code and now have worked closely with . 
We launched the Visa Ready Program for Business Solutions This is a strategic framework and certification program to help technology companies that integrate with our B 2 B payment services to ensure that they meet standards and are market ready . 
Expenses grew 31 % as expected expense growth ramped up from the first half levels as we stepped up technology as well as Europe integration spending . 
I think we can get into all that when we talk about 'eighteen , so it 's a little too early to talk about all that right now I think all we were signaling was that there is going to be some shift in Europe . 
Points range by fiscal year '20 : There 's been a lot of moving pieces here , Im just looking for an update now on if those goals all stand . 
We continue to see pressure on margins caused by the increased cost of funding from Basel iii requirements as well as increased levels of competition in the marketplace in the hunt for scarce quality assets . 
As is evidenced by the recent parliamentary hearings and in us maintaining our level 2 be status under the FSE codes for eight consecutive years . 
Are concentrated in 10 clients we monitor these clients and the collateral held on an individual basis to ensure that solutions are applicable to each specific environment we then work closely . 
Our strong capital position and ability to generate organic capital has supported our ability to increase dividend growth ahead of HEPS growth . 
The final phase is expected to be completed during the first half of 2018 and finally turning to prospects . 
Together with continued investments , this has depressed the roe to 3 % , well below the cost of equity . 
More agile and digital , it platforms should both improve our product offerings and in so doing our customer experience , but importantly at the same time deliver amore cost - efficient operating model . 
A large part of which we now drive with rigour in the RBB transformation office which we have established and Ill talk to this later . 
We continue to optimize our branch network through the closure of a net 72 outlets in this period . 
And as we benefit from the recovery in ETI and growth of our rest of African operations following the investments that we have made . 
Zimbabwe is scheduled for October 2017 , these investments have positioned us favorably to support the growth in clients . 
Thereby reducing the H 1 loss to be a smaller loss by the time we get to year - end . 
This should lead to continued improvements in the financial performance and efficiencies in RBB over the medium to long term . 
So while in the short - term our financial performance has come under pressure from both the economic environment in South Africa and from the underperformance of ETI we remain committed to our mediuma to Long - term targets . 
Premise of the investment decision into ETI took a view on our strategy for the rest of the continent . 
This is the - minute when I joined the company 16 months ago , most of our supported - to - our production was supported from a limited number of high - production wells within the Tawke Field . 
As you can see from the diagram on the right - hand side , the production from the latest two wells on the northern flank are now amongst the most productive wells in the field with no water at all . 
As it is , there are 30 well locations that have been identified to form part of that asset development plan . 
Management of the free water level has also allowed the TTs 21 well down to the south to come back on production . 
We are delighted to be working with Chevron at Sarta ; the asset has the potential to become one of the largest fields in Kri and we look forward to starting the development journey and understanding the field potential . 
Depending on the discussions with the KRG , discussions are active and progressing , and as you may know , the CPS under the gas lifting agreement were recently extended to end of April . 
What we know for certain at the moment is that two wells have flowed at commercial rates with good quality oil , and there are multiple reservoirs offering material potential . 
Work rate point of view : I think that 's quite achievable the fact that we have n 't drilled on the field extensively for the last two years does mean that production has declined and . 
It is also worth reiterating that we have now had three and a half years of continuous monthly payments from Kurdistan regional government despite the many hardships they have faced in that time . 
There are a few areas in the world that can match the low - cost environment of the KRI and provide such amaterial return on investments . 
So we have rather than 16 months ago , when we had all of our eggs in the Tawke basket , we now have amuch more diverse source of cash flow and . 
Production in much the same way as We 've Been Doing Again at Peshkabir for the last 18 months . 
Additionally , we saw a very good momentum in Colorado and continued high growth in our destination markets , which combined represented over 70 % of our total unit growth . 
We also have some real estate that is no longer needed and hope to complete those sales in fiscal 2017 proceeds would be used to buy back stock finance growth or pay down debt . 
As one of the first results we found we could claim certain additional FICO credits for prior years , this amount was deducted from our income tax expense in the quarter , otherwise we would have paid an effective tax rate of 36 . 6 % please . 
Since our last call we have been getting ready to roll out our franchise marketing program , our franchise has received legal approval in all 50 states . 
Please turn to slide 14 , we also want to tell you about our new corporate headquarters . 
Our plan is to move in by the end of fiscal 2000 and 16 we have more than outgrown our existing facility which was built about 12 years ago . 
Looking ahead , we anticipate refinancing two commercial mortgages as part of a transaction . 
This new technology will automatically connect our accounting POS and banking systems . 
The stock is upmore than 30 % from our last call , we believe that 's a good indication that our strategy is working . 
With respect to this plan , I would reiterate that we do not anticipate any significant updates to our 2000 and 18 restructuring plan , and we do not anticipate any additional plans or charges next year . 
A brand - new go - to - market process that has been really transformational for the company and we even really have n 't even seen the benefit of that till beginning in spring 2000 and 19 , but you 're starting to see some of that come together with just the timing . 
And when I think about 'nineteen and going forward , I really look forward to the ability to explain to people and communicate them . 
Revenue trajectory for 2019 : Does that clearance base represent a hurdle you need to jump over ? 
Definitely a lot of energy coming from this business , Hovr also expanded into our sports style footwear category with the launch of SLK , which strikes the perfect balance between sport and street style . 
Towards the end of this year and then also we 've talked a lot about aggressively dealing with inventory : We 've done a lot of that in the first three quarters . 
And how do we make sure that where we 're doing business , it 's really meaningful and impactful , and that we can have the a - teams that are working on our product because footwear is one of those many things defined by the last 10 % or the last 5 % and making sure that we finish there ? 
A little more target and specific of what we 've accomplished just in the last 20 months , and I think it 's important that people understand the seismic shift that we 've been going through . 
We have also seen an increase in income tax when compared to the previous year due to a reduction in 2000 and 14 from the impact of deferred taxes in Spain after the decrease in the corporate tax rate . 
An increase in Latam North in industrial risk and transportation due to the issuance of the Pemex policy . 
And the top ten markets have generally lagged the broader economy in terms of revpar growth , whereas the rest of the portfolio has . 
Really , to those two things we 're at that part of the cycle where it 's probably about peak supply , I think we 've seen some indicators that would suggest that . 
Now going into 2018 , I think we 're hopeful that the transaction pace will pick up and that the . 
Is there any kind of as we look at 2018 just a general sense for whether there 's going to be more renovation activity or less relative ? 
Established an exchangeable bond based on the veon shares . 
I do n 't have a number on the ARPU increase of that , but all those packages would be . 
My comments on financial performance and the outlook for 2000 and 17 will therefore be made on the basis of the current group structure excluding India . 
You have somewhat slower intake : Im just wondering whether there 's a new balance to be struck now that the id sort of systems are in place or whether this is just a quarter with slightly slower growth and higher margin . 
Before we move to questions and answers , I just would like to take two minutes to clarify a bit because I read this morning that . 
And also our increased exposure to the strong Sydney and Melbourne markets , we enter the second half with a record number of contracts on hand importantly over 70 % of those are unconditional . 
So overall a reasonably challenging first six months for the business , but we are seeing some green shoots and we are seeing the fundamentals of the business really give us confidence in the future growth of the sector . 
Spend which will come in relating to future new launch projects : Ive got six new communities that we launch in the second half . 
We would expect more moderate price growth this year after a very strong price growth in 2017 and in Queensland we 're seeing continual improvement . 
When you have a look at census data over the last 10 years , in fact , the proportion of retirees living in a village continues to grow . 
You do n 't recover about half of that so that goes straight to the noi , so that 's part of it part of it is amarginal read - through of the rental deals that we 've done . 
Our progress in this respect is consistent with our intention four years ago to grow this segment and Im very pleased with the progress . 
Going to these markets through disciplined restocking , they 've been the two markets that have benefited the most . 
We currently have about five of our villages in the early stages of planning and we 've started with holding units for sale at some of those villages . 
And the ongoing strong growth in over 65 s for the retirement living business positions us to deliver sustainable growth . 
For the past five years we 've been reshaping the business and really focusing on a clear three - point strategy . 
In residential and retirement , living what you 've seen is a significant increase in the last five years towards the strong Sydney and Melbourne markets . 
Of those - kilometre that amenity provision and importantly that community , like many of the communities that we 've commenced in the last five years , is very close to new heavy rail . 
In relation to the retail town centres , it 's really three streams of work ; the first stream of work is where we develop . 
Third is to grow the logistics and business park allocation to ideally well above 20 % of our total assets . 
Our performance was impacted by the anticipated factors which I discussed on the previous slide : We continue to expect revenue growth for fiscal '19 to be concentrated in the second half . 
Additional information concerning risk factors and cautionary statements are available in our most recent SEC filings and most recent prestige brands 10 - K . 
In Q 2 , additional shipments will occur , including to multiple top retail partners , and the product will also begin to arrive on shelves . 
We are comprised of strong leading brands spanning various consumer health care categories , as shown on the right side of slide 9 over 50 % of our sales are in five leading brands . 
In Q 1 , top line performance of the business was in line with our expectation . 
It 's important to remember unless you knew exactly the monthly flow of sales you ca n 't calculate DSO and I think externally people just take the whole quarter without understanding the flow . 
And we continue to make progress on freight and warehousing costs experienced in fiscal '18 : We divested our household business , which is positive to our financial profile . 
And we 're avoiding a lot of those headwinds , so we 're not faced with the same situation that many others CPG companies are today and again we 've talked about this a number of times in the past about . 
Thanks Phil and good morning everyone , let 's begin on page 5 , we are pleased with our start to the year and results that were in line with the outlook we presented back in May . 
At the beginning of July we divested our household cleaning segment : The transaction is accumulation of many strategic actions we 've taken over the last seven years towards becoming a focused and leading consumer healthcare company . 
We may operate at peak levels closer to five and Im not sure if four would be the right floor as well . 
Our Pacific Northwest timber segment also reported higher harvest volumes , as well as a 17 % lift in average delivered sawtimber pricing driven by continued strengthening of both domestic and export markets . 
Could we see any sort of just moderation in 4 q pricing relative to 3 q just given conditions normalizing for some of the fire conditions out there ? 
There you will also find our second quarter 2017 earnings release at the end of this call , the presentation will be available on that site , and within a few hours the replay of the call will be posted . 
Financial results in our earnings release are unaudited and our remarks include forward - looking statements that are subject to the risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC . 
We have marked some significant milestones since our last call , in addition to renewing the net registry agreement with Icann for another six years . 
Earlier this month , the company surpassed 20 continuous years of 100 % availability in the COM and . NET DNS ; this record is the result of the expertise of our people and our specialized infrastructure . 
Second quarter of 2016 : Like the investment community , does we too compare our results to the Baltic Index ? 
Our board , our management team and our financial and legal advisers spent a great deal of time analyzing the proposal and had multiple meetings with BW before their proposal was withdrawn . 
It is worth pointing out that our voyages are generally 40 to 60 days in duration and are fixed 2 to 4 weeks in advance . 
For this reason we cofounded and operate the Helios LPG pool , which now includes 29 ships we have and will continue to explore growth opportunities . 
We continue to benefit from our aggressive hedging policy and the favorable pricing of our Japanese financings , leaving us with a current interest cost fixed hedge in a small floating piece of roughly 4 . 4 % in . 
Will pay a surcharge in order to get an API and it will really depend upon a range of circumstances in terms of the amount of data that they will be using and all kinds of things but . 
Rising , trailing 12 th - month renewal rate and based upon the strength of our every comp everywhere campaign that we launched last fall . 
The increase in the margins is really going to come from the fact that this is more of a fixed cost structure where we currently are for the remainder of 2000 and 17 and . 
Certain clients that want to just write a check and put the case behind them and do n 't necessarily feel at this time a subscription is so it is a little bit more difficult to know in any 90 s day period . 
We believe the API together with the granular building level database that I have been spending a lot of time on . 
In 2000 and 16 expenses rose incrementally due to the expansion of our sales force management hires and operations in the latter half of the year and the now normalized level of rent expense . 
I expect that the aggregate expenses that we are reporting in the first quarter of 2000 and 17 will generally stay at this level for the remainder of the year . 
All of the new forerunners are compatible with our Connect IQ application framework , enabling users to personalize their watches with a host of interesting watch faces , custom data fields , and useful applications developed by third parties . 
Europe and International is probably a year or two behind in terms of the overall adoption of . 
And as more technology kind of gets baked into cars at the OEM level , it would seem to create an opportunity for aftermarket sales . 
Certain statements made during the call today constitute forward - looking statements made pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 as amended . 
Our 2018 strategic initiatives are designed to specifically address each of these core issues , increase the level of service to our customers and improve our financial results . 
But we now believe the increased promotions instead of increasing traffic were having the opposite effect on our business over the last four quarters . 
Included the addition of many new stone and accessory skus : Now we are working through the process of introducing an additional 1000 new skus over the next six months . 
Third , we are focusing our capital investment over the next 12 months on remodeling approximately 30 stores to support our product presentation strategy . 
Adjusts our GAAP quarterly results by eliminating special charges and then applies the tax rate to the result . 
On average , the payback that we get on that remodel is less than two years ; it 's often better than opening a new store in terms of the return on that investment , so we think it 's a good return for sure . 
I remained on the board and was serving in that capacity through most of this year during the third and fourth quarters of 2017 ; the board and management initiated a comprehensive review of our business strategy . 
To have a direct and meaningful impact on the performance of the roughly 13 stores that each of them oversee . 
Id like to highlight a few of the investments we 're making over the next 12 months to support each of our key strategies . 
As we veered away from the five critical success factors which have historically driven our success over the past two decades . 
In 2016 , he became our first Director of Talent Development and was responsible for creating and implementing a comprehensive new sales associate and store manager training program throughout the company . 
While our focus will be on remodeling stores in 2018 rather than opening new stores , we continue to believe we have a significant opportunity for unit growth . 
I think the best way to explain my role is to say that it is unlikely that I will be speaking to you as CEO a year from now . 
With hindsight we now believe the increase promotional cadence over the last 4 / 4 leading up to the Black Friday holiday weekend likely alienated many of our pro customers . 
While it 's not my intent to remain as CEO , I can also say that my personal commitment to this company is strong and I intend to leave the company in good hands . 
We believe this transaction positions biogen to be at the forefront of Alzheimer 's research in terms of both mechanisms of action and time to market . 
Now on to Spinraza , the initial underlying demand has been robust ; we noticed a solid progress in terms of both infrastructure and insurance coverage . 
We are preparing for potential EU markets approval in the coming months ; we are also getting ready for potential approvals in Japan and Canada this year . 
As we go forward , we 'll be closely watching the launch of Ocrevus : Overall , we anticipate a negative impact to our portfolio that 'll be partially offset by the royalties that we receive . 
I am especially pleased to welcome you to this call as the CEO of Biogen before I turn to the details of the quarter I would like to share some initial thoughts on how Biogen is positioned today and where we see the company progressing . 
Second , we are very pleased with the favourable outcome of the IPR proceeding . 
Importantly , data also showed patients who continue Tysabri treatment experienced better clinical outcomes than those who switched to another therapy . 
We are planning to initiate another phase II study in small fiber neuropathy towards the end of this year as we continue to explore multiple potential indications for this asset . 
As you will see throughout the rest of the call , I think we are already off to a great start Q 1 was a very good quarter financially and also a quarter with exciting events . 
But before I turn it over to Mike , let me provide you with more details on our commercial performance starting with ms . 
These numbers have been increasing every week ; some leading centres are already dosing more than 10 patients . 
We believe the spinraza experience provides a glimpse of the future for targeting severe neurological disease and we aim to capitalize on this changing paradigm . 
Importantly , as we look to expand our presence in SMA , we are also excited about the potential for gene therapy as a complementary mechanism . 
The experience with Spinraza highlights to us the real potential advantage of intrathecal ASOS as amodality we 've got an early . 
For new GCU to enter into a shared services agreement with the company . 
While an application for approval of the proposed sale has been submitted to HLC along with draft documents , that if the application is approved would govern the terms of the sale and the shared services arrangement . 
In addition , we continue to see an increase in occupancy cost , including depreciation and amortization , as a result of us placing into service additional buildings , especially laboratory - intensive stem buildings . 
The previous three or four years and we are staying very consistent with what we 're saying we 're going to be able to do the next three or four years and so . 
And then the third bucket would be the bonuses and any other expenses that you would expect to not recur beyond 2000 and 18 yes . 
We expect our online campus to grow between 6 % and 7 % on an annual basis . 
Definitive agreements between the company and New GCU have not been signed , and key terms remain subject to analysis . 
Our guidance assumes a slight increase in retention and an increase in graduates between years of approximately 13 % , the significant retention gains we have seen in recent years and the continued shift to a higher percentage of graduate students . 
For total programs at the end of 2018 , so in other words how many new programs are expected to launch this next year . 
Just in regards to the 20 new programs for this next year , what is the mix between graduate versus STEM programs ? 
It would be difficult for us to believe it would be the last two because the thing is so similar to what is going on . 
Well currently , we have two boards : The university has a board of trustees that 's responsible for overseeing the academic . 
The revenue share between the two entities remains subject to completion of a transfer pricing study and subsequent negotiation . 
The company does not expect to execute any definitive agreements until the HLC process has concluded . 
That our proposed transaction and structure is almost identical to many others in the industry and is very similar to the Purdue - Kaplan proposal , which HLC is also reviewing at this time . 
This increase was partially offset byless day of traditional campus revenue in the fourth quarter as compared to 2000 and 16 due to a shift in the timing of a residential traditional campus start date . 
In the first part of the 2015 numbers we would expect to see that in the first part of the 2016 numbers we then have a second effect . 
Decent price performance in the first part of the year , but in the middle of the year , where in prior years we had had some decent success on pricing , we did not have as much success in 2015 as a result . 
Manufacturing strategy so we never believed when we saw the huge buildup of capacity in China during the 2000 s that there was enough factor cost advantage or . 
We are pleased with the progress that we have demonstrated in the composites business over the past two years , including improvements in operating margins and return on capital . 
In 15 and got margins back to kind of that mid - teens level , which is where we 've historically guided the business as amatter of fact . 
Over the course of the last three or four years when an industry is going through a very challenged time . 
That both gave you some cost absorption actually the growth could contribute some amount of earnings , and then we started to see some pricing that also helped us sustain 50 % operating leverage over the last couple of years we are now kind of entering a stage where our assets are a bit better utilized . 
We 're carrying a bit less price into 2016 , we do have a price action in the market today that we 've talked about previously on a prior earnings call I think we feel pretty good about our ability to realize price in the early part of this year . 
Labor growth and if you look at some of the trades that would be important to insulation demand , you did n 't see much labor growth in framing contracting in the second half of 2000 and 15 , which would suggest . 
With that , let me now turn to 2016 in insulation , we expect revenue growth will be slightly weaker than the growth experienced in 2015 while we do expect margin expansion . 
With that review of Key Financial highlights , I ask you to turn to slide 8 , where we provide amore detailed review of our business results beginning with our insulation business . 
This represents 14 % operating margins and our 18 th consecutive quarter of Ebit improvement operating leverage exceeded expectations in the quarter on strong manufacturing productivity . 
That we did not extend by mutual agreement at the end of 2000 and 15 second . 
And we are confident that these businesses will grow earnings in 2000 and 16 Now Ill ask you to turn your attention to slide 9 for a review of our composites business . 
And went through some of the relationships that we see between oil and asphalt cost and then also how long it takes the oil cost to come through our economics about 90 days to get through the refinery about 90 days to get through our cost of goods . 
We expect this capacity to be available in 2017 and help us meet the needs of our customers in a growing market . 
The financial results we have delivered are roughly one year ahead of schedule . 
As a result of that , I think we said a number of times last year , we did n 't really see much deflation in 2015 until really the middle of the second quarter , so we have one benefit in 2016 which was we 'd expect to see . 
Was relatively close to zero so anytime you saw any growth at all and you could load hot assets you could get . 
And we think we 're returning back to an industry that looks more similar to what we would have seen in the 80 s and the 90 s than what . 
But in addition to strong Ebit growth in all three of our businesses and strong earnings growth , as Michael noted , We also had very strong free cash flow which has been . 
If I could draw your attention to the Safe Harbor statement on Slide 2 of the presentation , Id like to remind participants on this morning 's call that our presentation includes some forwards looking statements about Monro 's future performance . 
Through these efforts we have taken major steps to improve our customers in - store experience and help ensure that we deliver a five star experience to them every time at every one of our store locations . 
The third quarter had 89 selling days compared to 90 in the prior year period . 
I think if you look at the way kind of the quarter set up , we were up about 7 in October , up about 7 in November , down 6 adjusted for days in December . 
We are pleased to announce that we signed a definitive agreement to acquire 12 stores in Louisiana , expanding our store footprint in a new market and building out our geographical presence in the South . 
We expect to refresh the appearance of approximately 70 stores in our Southern markets in the first quarter . 
We are also very encouraged to see the upgrade to amobile capable architecture has led to an 80 % increase in mobile phone conversion rates . 
The most significant factors that could affect future results are outlined in Monro 's filings with the SEC and in our earnings release . 
As a reminder , our monroforward initiatives unveiled in May of last year are built around four areas of focus in order to increase the overall lifetime value of our customers and create a scalable platform for sustainable growth . 
Of fiscal 2020 , as previously discussed , we are determining the appropriate scope of refresh needed for each of our stores by examining their age size . 
We believe that these positive top line trends are a testament to our relentless focus on driving operational excellence and delivering a consistent five star experience to our customers . 
At amuch lower price per puff is amajor opportunity for Vip 6 , new products have been identified . 
And start working with them to be much more proactive in converting those over to VIP shops . 
Of what you think , the business climate might be in the next four years and if you think it 'd be helpful for Ecig on . 
Jeff : With respect to what the ideal partner would be , there 's probably seven or eight criteria there we pulled that together . 
She has only been on board for about two weeks and her impact has obviously not yet been seen , she is very experienced and we feel that our licensees who have been not really monitored . 
The reason I felt that it was important to mention is that we spent the first seven months of the fiscal trying to make global e - commerce profitable and investing very heavily in the division . 
We plan to be completed by March 2017 , the big value of that is a lot of our decisions are made without a lot of data and not up - to - date data . 
A new ERP system is being installed to record the success and provide data to develop and to react a new compensation plan is built . 
In one huge country , big smoking country , we have two companies , both tobacco companies , one a large tobacco company , one a very small tobacco company in the country that would like us to . 
In Iraq , signs of increased activity are emerging in the north , with at least one major IOC expected to resume activity during the first quarter . 
The total reactivation cost of the fleet to be as well and whether you expect all 20 of these fleets to be working by the culmination of the end of this year . 
In land development , drilling work for both Pemex and a number of local operators due to the absence . 
In the south of the country we have made further market share gains with additional awards of IDS contracts . 
A business we started over 12 months ago focused on providing an integrated completion and fracturing offering in the unconventional market . 
All of this means that after four years of waiting , the oil market is now substantially rebalanced , this is also reflected in the oil market sentiment where we currently are witnessing a gradual shift from an oversupply discount . 
So thank you for that final question , I would now like to summarize the three most important points we have discussed this morning . 
Although these were partially offset by stronger SIS software sales and increased product sales from the drilling and production groups . 
We are confident these positive trends will continue going forward for the last 20 years we have demonstrated a consistent ability . 
So clearly the market has changed , the ratio requirement has changed , but in those two buildings we can accommodate . 
Our management team has recently assessed the viability of development and validate there is potential to build well in excess of 10000 net new apartments . 
And I think some of you have actually heard me say before that the default rate for the Capreit portfolio now is actually lower than the CMHC mortgage default rate it 's . 
The clinical and commercial investments that we 've made over the last nine months have positioned us well to accelerate organic growth in the second half of the year . 
The first risk was the sales force in the CSS segment and the integration and our significant . 
During the second quarter we advanced our commercialization plans for a number of products and just last week we launched the Cusa Clarity platform in Japan . 
Total CSS International sales were flat in the second quarter compared to the prior year . 
Because of a tough comparison resulting from a large order that occurred in the second quarter of 2017 , this result was consistent with the expectations that we had mentioned on our first quarter earnings call . 
Im not that concerned about the Switzerland plant conversion from SAP to Oracle , we 've done that multiple times that happens in the fourth quarter . 
The consumable growth is an indicator of the success that we 're seeing with the adoption of Cusa clarity and disposable sales are a good measure of capital utilization . 
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are discussed in the company 's most recent filings with the SEC and in the release . 
During the second quarter we completed the expansion of our OTT commercial channel . 
We had many success stories during the quarter : One bright spot was the performance of our acute wound reconstruction business , the channel investments we made over the last nine months increased the capacity of our reps . 
A bit later in the call , I will highlight some of the scientific progress we made in further developing our C1 gene expression platform . 
We and others in the industry believe that we will be successful in developing our C1 cell line into a next - generation protein expression and production system . 
Thank You 2018 has truly been a transformational year for dyadic looking ahead ; we are very confident in our ability to generate meaningful scientific results . 
We continue to gain momentum and awareness within the pharma and biotech industry regarding the potential for our C1 gene expression platform to potentially disrupt the status quo and helping to speed up the development . 
We began to develop a C1 downstream purification process for certolizumab ; we demonstrated further success in reaching high and promising expression levels . 
This information can be found in our other filings with the SEC when available . 
In the first quarter of 2019 , in addition , we are in various stages of negotiations . 
If you 'd like to see more information about this , I suggest you review the slide deck on the ZAPI project on the company 's website under our Media Center on the Presentations tab . 
So we just say stay tuned , but yes we expect more deals to be done and we expect at least one or two maybe more even in Q 2 to be announced . 
Now we do n 't expect to sustain the nim at this level going forward and in fact largely due to purchase accounting , we 'll continue to experience some ongoing nim pressure , although at a declining rate compared to last year . 
As we refined the calculation of the value of the DTA while the transaction took longer to close than we initially estimated we 're very pleased with the economics , which are slightly more favorable than what we originally announced . 
The bottom line is that we believe we 're well positioned for rising rates ; the chart in the upper left summarizes our exposure to four scenarios this year . 
Having said that we think there 's probably a secular decline going on with regard to NSF fees . 
So we 're continuing to work on additional cost savings projects to close the gap to 1 , 1 oh , these additional projects will likely include actions to rationalize excess facilities . 
The current consensus is pretty close to the 75 basis point scenario and if it takes place as expected . 
We have a relatively high tax rate compared to peers largely due to the fact that we do n 't have much in the way of Boli or Munis , as a result any reductions in corporate tax rate should flow straight to our bottom line . 
And this should be particularly noticeable in the first quarter , as that nine basis point recovery we had this quarter will be gone . 
Because I do n 't have all that data and Im working off recall here , but nonetheless March was the best month in 16 months if you look at the daily trends , the macros in March and compare that to April . 
But that does not include the countless hours spent by both HWC and vertex management and personnel in executing the integration plan . 
Ill then turn the call over to Nic , who will discuss our financial performance in additional detail even though it 's been just a little over one and a half months since we last reported . 
For projects for us is the industrial space , the two biggest components of that are the combination of upstream and midstream , and then downstream and the total spend . 
For details of the fourth quarter and 2015 , Im going to hand the microphone over to my partner . 
During tonight 's call we may use a non - gaap financial measure if we believe it is useful to investors . 
But I think my comment earlier really related to a declining rate of order growth that we saw through the back end of the year and into Q 4 and I would say that . 
Before we begin , Id like to refer you to the first two slides of our presentation . 
The next major investment , the first tranche of that , really starts to impact our results in 2018 and certainly the driver . 
In addition , we have included non - GAAP financial information in our discussion reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the earnings release and in the appendix of the presentation . 
Our Trentwood facility continues to increase efficiency and throughput from investments in the Phase 5 expansion and the new casting complex . 
And with additional investments in quality efficiency and production capacity we will continue to capitalize on these opportunities to deliver improved value - added revenue and Ebitda we will now open the call for questions . 
That over the next several years we 're going to see a 5 % compound annual growth rate in our content per vehicle . 
As a business , I mean , we - minus I characterize it internally here , we think we 're doing pretty well , but we 're like the best hockey players in Mexico and we want to get to the NHL here in terms of our cost management . 
We have also posted a pdf version of the slide presentation for this call . 
Any reference in our discussion today to Ebitdameans adjusted Ebitda , which excludes non - run - rate items for which we 've provided reconciliations in the appendix . 
Underlying manufacturing efficiencies continued to improve in the quarter as our Ebitdamargin improved . 
But again a good place to look , I think people - in , if you go back and look - 10 and we put 10 years worth of information in our investor presentation . 
Relatively low the second quarter , we think it 's going to be strong in the second half of the year ; it 's back more to - to - you need to look at it in six - month buckets , there are just too many things that . 
In terms of the - quantifying what might the risk be , it 's really a function of two variables here ; the first variable is how steeply does that go up . 
This was n 't the case in our fiscal 2016 as the back half slowed due to the industrial sector slowdown , but it 's more along the lines of what we had expected on a normal year . 
Now let 's talk about the specifics of our first quarter fiscal '17 our sales were down a bit versus a year ago , however if we parse the numbers you can actually get a clear picture of why our results are better than they appear on the surface . 
Legacy , fluorescent and services revenue accounted for the majority of the remaining revenue and declined by 39 % in the first quarter when compared to the year . 
Specifically , the growth in LED products is expected to overtake the decline in legacy products and services and drive the growth of our consolidated revenue for the remainder of this fiscal year . 
It also supports our growth expectations for 2017 , in addition to the pace of bookings we measure field of service requests . 
Our new agency partners have the potential to deliver revenue that is an order of magnitude bigger than what we were doing with just our ESCO customers . 
Continuing with our revenue commentary , it is also informative to understand that we have intentionally redirected the smallest ESCO partners . 
Effectively this means we were able to redirect a large number of small ESCO partners to distribution . 
In order to accomplish that we will need to continue to see growth from high - margin LED products and maintain strong margins on our other product lines and service lines . 
A small increase in other income and a tax benefit were enough to reduce our net loss in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 versus a comparable year - ago period . 
At this time I would like to say a word about our guidance for fiscal 2000 and 17 , as we previously mentioned we are revising our expectations for two primary reasons . 
A very successful sector in the market for us over the last two decades and we continue to see that as a competitive advantage going forward so some of what we 're doing right now is just keeping up technology revs . 
Bill will then discuss the financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and subsequently open the call to questions from the audience . 
These new agents are off to a good start , but they have n 't quite made up all of the foregone revenue from small ESCO partners that we redirected towards distribution . 
To give you some perspective , our previous channel addressed about 13 % of the industrial and commercial lighting market . 
To distribution and consolidated around our most successful ESCOs , essentially we 've gone from over 100 ESCO partners at the beginning of this year to about a dozen today that represent most of the volume . 
Validates our assertion that we 're well ahead of the industry in terms of transitioning to LED lighting . 
In our channel pivot in early 2016 and for this reason we 've taken amore conservative stance with regards to how quickly our new agent partners will ramp up . 
We have reached the point where LED product represents our core business as they have become the focus of almost all of our customers . 
The impact of redirecting a large number of small ESCO partners was felt on the revenue line , but should be more than made up by new agency partners over time . 
In Q 1 and Q 2 , we 've installed 28 screens in absolute top locations and implemented a smart mixture of local content news and sports as well as advertising on the screens . 
And that 's why we try to develop our transaction business in line with our four publishing verticals of news and services , tech and games entertainment as well as women and lifestyle . 
It 's still early days , but we see huge potential to further combine the two repositioning cases which massively benefit from each other . 
What our sales forces do , they go to small midsize clients and go , for instance , to a bakery and sell the two or three billboards around the bakery . 
Do social traffic management for that we do it on amonthly basis , so as soon as we sell the product in itself we have recurring revenues of let 's say two to three years that 's why the order book ? 
In the second quarter from the good start 2000 and 16 , one of the key reasons . 
But they do n 't sell it like to national campaigns for a campaign for two or three weeks . 
For an online shop for electronics products we already put together an assortment range of over 2000 items . 
Of maximum transparency on the acquired companies from Day 1 , we call it accountability concept . 
They sell it as a signage business for three years , so what you actually do with the sales force you go there have once the sales effort , but then you have almost like a threeyear subscription . 
At lower cost we have already created more than 600 pieces of video content ; it 's currently an output of 20 piece per day and will get beyond 40 on a daily basis by the end of the year . 
But we see from a pure revenue perspective that we grow by more than 70 % and we see for the first time in the last 2 / 4 that ECPMS are improving . 
The final settlement agreement will be subject to approval by the PUCT ; we currently anticipate that the Commission will consider the proposed settlement in the second quarter . 
In addition , plans were unveiled for a four - acre resort to be located within the Westside development called Montecillo , a Marriott brand hotel and resort would be located near a top golf facility that is already under construction nearby . 
There are about 1500 customers subscribed to the solar output and almost 400 customers on the waiting list , which demonstrates our community 's commitment to solar power . 
We expect the implementation of new rates following our 2017 Texas rate case will help reduce the impact of regulatory lag so now Id like to take amoment to review our 2017 Texas rate case filing on the next slide . 
On March 14 , the administrative law judges in our case issued an order adopting a procedural schedule as the schedule indicates we 're currently immersed in the discovery process and we 've been busy responding to numerous requests for information . 
Turning to slide 8 , I can not remember a time in which so many large - scale development projects have been announced in our region in such a short period . 
Except as may be required by law during the call , we will also present some financial information on a non - gaap basis . 
As we approach the end of 2018 , we are seeing momentum all around the world we are executing on a robust pipeline of targeted opportunities across academic translational research CROs and cancer centers . 
Non - GAAP information is not prepared under a comprehensive set of accounting rules and should only be used to supplement an understanding of the company 's operating results . 
This region has been a soft spot for us over the past two years , however Im pleased that we are building on the momentum we established last quarter delivering sequential growth for the first time since I arrived two years ago . 
These are just two examples out of many demonstrating how our technologies are leading the way to new insights within tissue . 
We expect total cash outflow in the first quarter of 2000 and 19 to be higher than our projected outflow for the fourth quarter driven by bonus payments and our semi - annual interest payment on convertible debt . 
At the close of the market today , Fluidigm released its financial results for the quarter ended September 30 , 2018 : Id also like to let everyone know that our outdated investor presentation . 
Our us team has massively improved our financial performance in this region : We 've hit key milestones for instrument placements with strong uptake of the Hyperion imaging system . 
As has been our norm , Id like to begin with an overview of our financial results for the quarter and then discuss markets and strategy , then Ill turn the call over to Vikram Jog our CFO for amore detailed financial review before offering closing remarks and taking questions . 
Our technology was included in the key publications this quarter for a foundational 10000 immunome project and a seminal research published in the New England Journal of Medicine . 
Of Company to Watch in 2019 , we will find out the results next week : We have really come a long way in the last two years . 
Specifically , we received a chmp positive opinion . 
Has many limitations as physicians must choose between invasive IV delivery or slower onset oral medications . 
Will provide us a better platform on which Zalviso can more easily follow after health care professionals are educated on and experienced with . 
Of historical us institutional sales teams , they number around 60 , give or take a little bit more or less that 's likely a number we would work to put in a stepwise fashion . 
Yes , that 's a great question , and it would be on the former of that you mentioned : We believe that we 're a hospital company that today 's platform is built off of our sublingual sufentanil tablets , it just so happens we 've got two products built off of that fundamental . 
The outcome of the study leads us to believe that we have also satisfied the second point in the CRL , so with the CRL points addressed . 
As we continue to hold on ramping up commercial resources prior to a potential Pdufa date for Dsuvia , we will continue to manage our cash prudently with the goal of ensuring we have adequate financial resources . 
Last year due to Lower Zalviso shipments to Grunenthal as they continue to work down the inventories purchased . 
That 's it we have a tight marketing team and outside of commercial we just have a very light MSL team consisting of one with a couple of consultants , so we continue to remain very tight . 
We would expect a final decision as to approval for our Dzuveo marketing authorization by early third quarter of this year . 
We 'll highlight aspects of our REMS program and the distribution restricted to those that would qualify for receiving our product and those would likely be the main focus moving forward . 
So if you look at the revision we made to our guidance , we lowered our full year estimate of production by 1 . 1 million barrels of oil equivalent and all of that is essentially from expected lower gas and NGL production from our Eagle Ford asset . 
And we do n 't do it in just one location , we 'll probably do it in four before we 'll draw a conclusion . 
That people need to understand how the numbers add up now ; certain analysts were - 10 s have numbers in their guidance for 4 q that are well above ours and I never really understand how they - s how - people get so far off our guidance , but . 
That we were looking basically at different licensing agreement that were mostly related to two areas ; one is the game features . 
The numbered - the numbers we offered a few weeks ago remain unchanged ; Q 1 results were within a normal range of variation on both the top and bottom lines a good start to the year , and we see no reason for a change to our published guidance . 
Another large project that we can now discuss is the New York City Housing Authority or NYCHA on April 6 NYCHA announced the commencement of work of the - 1 - on the first phase of their energy performance contract . 
This first phase will also provide employment opportunities for NYCHA residents as well as local businesses . 
In fact , this was the best annual adjusted credit segment operating income Conn 's has produced in five years . 
Typically occur in the fourth quarter , which happened this year and drove a ten basis point reduction in our net yield compared to the third quarter rate . 
So to conclude my prepared remarks before I turn the call over to Lee 4 th quarter and fiscal year 2000 and 19 results demonstrate the strength of our financial model and the positive evolution of our business . 
We typically start incurring costs associated with new stores approximately six months ahead of opening , and there will be additional expenses incurred throughout the fiscal year as we prepare to open these locations . 
References to balances and percentages of accounts receivable 60 days plus past due were re - aged on today 's conference call and going forward will be at carrying value . 
For fiscal year 2020 we plan to open 12 - 15 new stores in existing states , which will all be in our new store layout featuring an enhanced customer experience and amore efficient sales process . 
Growth of 8 % to 10 % and we believe we are well positioned to achieve this goal in fiscal year 2020 with this let me turn the call over to Lee . 
Thank you , I just want to take amoment first of all and always take the time to thank our almost 5000 associates across the company for the job , they do each and every day our record . 
Please refer to the company 's earnings release that was issued today for a reconciliation of these non - gaapmeasures to their most comparable gaapmeasures . 
As we mentioned in our third quarter conference call , strong November sales benefited from higher promotional activity in the Large - screen tv category . 
To make it easier for investors to understand our customer accounts receivable and associated credit performance , we are now presenting certain credit measures primarily those in note two of our ten - k on a carrying value basis . 
In addition to our focus on working capital management through lean initiatives , our CAPEX was significantly reduced with our capacity expansion phase virtually completed in 2016 as a result . 
Banking services revenue was upmore than 6 % due to higher seasonal electronic banking transaction volumes . 
Momentum with promesa or the budget comes out and looks like things are going to be stable would there be any possibility for some capital actions this year how do you guys think about that ? 
Please turn to slide 5 from a business point of view . 
Which are subject to various risks and uncertainties outlined in the risk factors section of OFGs Securities and Exchange Commission filings . 
On slide 10 you can see the credit performance continues to hold steady considering the prevailing market conditions . 
We believe that we are progressing that plan with MSHA and hope to gain plan approval by mid - November . 
At the present time we are continuing to work with MSHA to develop a plan that will allow for extraction of the longwall equipment from the current panel . 
What you think is a reasonable expectation or target in these markets going forward , I hate - in I do n 't mean to pin you to an exact number , but just generally speaking what do you think is doable in terms of reducing the leverage ratio over let 's say the next 12 to 18 months . 
To really say definitively what kind of realizations you 're going to '16 and '17 we have our contract book . 
Players in the industry what we can tell you is our capacity when we can get up to 28 million tons does not require us to invest additional capex , so it 's a production decision , not an investment decision . 
Turning to slide four on the second topic of growth and investment , I want to spend the next few minutes discussing the quarter for both of our segments . 
Reflecting our previous guidance of an expected return to modest growth in 2016 , results in the quarter were primarily driven by growth in global facultative placements . 
This was primarily driven by unfavorable timing of certain tax - related items that we expect to normalize by Q 2 partially offset by working capital improvements and a decline in cash paid for pensions and restructuring . 
We will continue to grow even after the sale of the segment Yes and one of the things I would observe that you saw in Q 1 2000 and 16 as Greg described is we had an unusually strong comparable . 
And by the way you see that in risk solutions and you see that in hr solutions both so these investments we 've been making over time . 
There are areas that are outside that as we continue to evolve and develop by the way that 's in HR solutions . 
Look at new business in Q 1 , it was a record in us retail ; it was a record worldwide by the way that 's a record on top of a record it was . 
The piece of the business in that segment had a 7 % I guess negative . 
Thank you for taking the time to listen in on our fiscal 2017 results conference call . 
Ill now turn the call over to Richard to review our fiscal 2017 financial highlights in greater details . 
We completed the private placement on December 27 for more details on the terms of the draw - down facility , please see our news release . 
Walmart spent five months testing our batteries at room temperature and also in cold warehouses . 
Fortune 500 companies are not going to commit to orders until they have tested our products exhaustively and are convinced that will make a tangible difference to their business . 
This transaction is expected to close on or around February 28 , but is subject to usual closing conditions . 
We began an intensive product development period before launching our initial forklift batteries in fiscal 2017 we then had to be patient . 
Both for the OEM market as well as for the final battery product for the forklift and the materials handling market . 
Perspective and then some of the engagements you have with oems are there - in you 're taking Class 1 to Class 3 is it more concentrated in Class 3 just trying to get a sense of the mix within the . 
The third and largest cost of goods sold will take the longest to recognised - to be recognised and will mostly be realized by Year 3 Our current structure systems and processes are fragmented and cause confusion between us and our supply of partners . 
At the end of our fourth quarter we expect to be in a better position to provide expectations of the rate of realization of benefits over the next two years and the impact on our Ebitdamargins . 
We 're on pace to do that , we have n 't said they 're going to be in BC , we have n 't said where they 're going to be in the West . 
On an annualized basis , by the end of fiscal 2020 , the transition of our merchandising staff will occur over the next six months . 
As a good partner , they were with us in the last I would say 60 years , so there 's no reason that it wo n 't work for e - commerce , it 's where we are now . 
During the first quarter of 2019 , from which we expect to gain insights that will assist us in our evaluation of the effects of sotatercept as a potential first in class disease - modifying treatment . 
So we would look at the current sort of comparative therapies and the other MDS drugs that are out there . 
As a reminder ace - OH 83 is designed to increase strength and function in specific target muscles , the data presented were consistent with the findings we reported at neurology congresses throughout this year . 
In PAH along with preclinical presentations and an overview of our clinical development efforts . 
Negative to limited efficacy results in DMD and so that might be a case where you want to do something with a gene therapy first . 
As a reminder , all accepted ash abstracts will be announced and available online this coming Thursday . 
The mean duration of therapy for those who were responders was approximately 19 months . 
The inclusion criteria of command and those are patients with EPO levels . 
Blast cell count type increases and everything in the phase II has already been reported . 
And so second half of next year as far as timing goes is going to be a really important readout for Ace - Oh 83 and then as far as we 'll wait and see based off of those data if we decide to expand . 
Our other markets combined saw shipment growth of over 6 % , this is much more in line with expectation and trend . 
We have secured the total of 8 million tons of shipments ; it 's just amatter of when they ship Florida continues to be good both on the public side . 
So it 's not just that we 're getting it wrong or it 's not happening as quickly as we thought it was going to happen , it 's not happening like the dot thought it was going to happen or the general contractor thought it was going to happen , it 's just . 
Which are subject to risks and uncertainties , these risks are described in detail in the company 's SEC reports , including our earnings release and our most recent annual report on Form 10 - K . 
Rain 15 days out of amonth or 14 days out of amonth and is spread out . 
The Tennessee Dot is trying to accelerate that spending , but it always takes a little time . 
You can find a reconciliation of these non - gaap financial measures and other related information in both our earnings release and at the end of our supplemental presentation . 
In addition , our visibility to a turn in public construction activity continued to improve ; there are more highway project tons in backlog than we 've seen in at least three years . 
Could you give us a sense in terms of breaking out the state growth just as you did for Texas , but focusing on the lamarket versus Northern and the San Diego market in terms of what is driving real demand in the market ? 
So I think if you did second half , it 's probably equivalent to something like 4 % to 8 % just keeping in mind that July was . 
Look , we pay a lot of attention to the MLA , we understand sort of the implications of what can and ca n 't be offered , and we sort of probably made those modifications about a year ago . 
I would like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in Stratus press release issued today and to the risk factors described in Stratus form tenk and subsequent SEC filings . 
We have successfully expanded to other attractive growth markets as amethod of diversifying our portfolio and ensuring that we can continue to develop projects such as our multiple hebanchored mixed - use properties . 
We intend to explore opportunities to sell this property in 2019 subject to leasing progress and market conditions . 
Our core expenses for the quarter were up less than 2 % , which is primarily a function of variable expenses on core revenue growth . 
It 's also worth noting that it is only 17 % of our free cash flow and that percentage will likely decline here as we go into successive quarters so . 
January was the weakest month of the quarter ; political revenues were under 1 % of our quarterly sales . 
Other than to note that we 've been very consistent in noting that there are three fundamental criteria with which we look at any potential expansion which would be does it strategically fit . 
For example , since the start of the year we have added a number of new air personalities , most notably a star in Atlanta , and have successfully re - branded two of our stations in Miami and San Diego . 
In areas where they have amarket in fiber for the last two years , our penetration rate is nearly 50 % that 's quite a bit higher than in our nonfiber markets and leaves us a lot of room to run over the next couple of years . 
Both sides are wrapping up their cases and are now preparing for closing arguments on April 30 , after that we 'll wait for the court 's ruling . 
And we expect to reach more than 500 markets by the end of the year . 
These 16 million locations and the more than 1 million route miles of fiber in our overall network . 
They 're very active , they 've already gotten a number of contracts done in over 40 states . 
We do n 't expect video to be any different , we do expect revenue and margin pressure as we manage through this , especially this year , but we 're excited about DirecTV Now 's product improvements and our new user interface . 
We 've also started the heavy lifting of putting band 14 on Our Towers . 
We can provide FirstNet quality services on our existing LTE network . 
And we continue to be very excited about it ; we will get a significant amount of the band 14 up this year . 
Over the next five years we 'll be putting Band 14 on tens of thousands of new and existing sites nationwide . 
Particularly as we 've gotten through the Legacy DSL conversions , which has really been absorbing us for the last few years . 
And so it impacted service Ebitdamargins . 
As well as the new Spectrum Band 14 gives us real excited about the ability to serve customers really , really well . 
Looking at total video subs , we actually have more subscribers today than we did two years ago because of the success of Directv now . 
Subscriber growth continues to be strong in Mexico : We added more than 500000 new subscribers in the quarter . 
Moving to the DTV now platform or moving to a thin client platform eventually for the home is really going to change the free cash flow aspects because the upfront . 
Business acumen and strategic expertise have helped Cable One evolved into a leading broadband communications provider . 
But I do n 't see us having an issue with hanging in the 2 % range . 
A Strategy Which We Believe Is Serving Both Cable One Customers And Our Shareholders Well . 
Total company residential HSD Arpu growth has been fueled by a proportional mix of marketing such as lack of discounts and improved sell - in and upgrades . 
The migration of Northeast Division customers to legacy cable one 's more robust billing system will provide amore consistent customers - centric experience . 
The second quarter also saw the deployment of hosted voice service across nearly 40 % of our markets . 
He has been a key contributor to the development and execution of the company 's strategic plan and has played a strong financial foundation for Cable One to continue its focus on driving growth that is profitable and sustainable . 
We still continue to expect that our capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues will be in the high teens for 2000 and 18 from a liquidity standpoint . 
We also continued to experience steady and strong adjusted Ebitda growth and margin expansion . 
Thank you operator , I just want to thank Julie and the entire cable one team for all their support . 
Offering Business Customers to Freedom and Flexibility of the Latest Cloud - Based Virtual PBX Technology . 
Interesting to note that when we reduce prices on faster tiers , Arpu actually goes up because selling goes up and our already low churn is going lower . 
This upgraded service covers up to 10000 square feet when deployed with the latest Wi - Fi technology installed by Cable One Business . 
Thank you , Kevin , we are sincerely grateful for all that you 've done since joining the cable one family . 
With our longstanding track record , it should come as no surprise that we are prepared and excited about 2018 : We pride ourselves on leaving little to change . 
We 're well positioned with multiple brands and levers and have confidence that we will be able to continue to drive results in 2018 and beyond as Nutrisystem continues to grow . 
Four investing in the business to support future growth : We have a total of seven warehouses across the continental United States over the last two years we 've doubled our frozen warehouses from two to four as demand for our frozen products has increased . 
Intel notes that over 50 % of the people who want to lose weight are looking for food that has low sugar . 
Over the past few weeks I have participated in introductory meetings with two Fortune 50 prospect companies ; in each of these meetings we were meeting with clevel executives who were hearing our story for the first time . 
Our fifth consecutive quarter of revenue and adjusted Ebitda organic growth . 
To provide supplier communications and support services using PRGXs Lavante supplier information management technology platform . 
We are having those type of discussions , and I think there 's just - kilometre as I described earlier , there 's a little bit of a lag , there 's typically a lag with respect to net additions , and the returns that we 've delivered over the past 12 months . 
Partially offset by a seven basis , points decrease in the average base management fee percentage . 
As one measure of the strength of our business we monitor what we call base Ebitda base , Ebitda eliminates the financial impact of performance fees as well as certain expenses such as stock option and retirement obligation expenses . 
The consistency of the performance we are delivering and the momentum we have in all four measures of our progress . 
And we 've delivered four consecutive years of strong free cash flow performance , which we 've sustained in the first half . 
Operating margins were higher than expected at the time of the AGM trading statement . 
We 've made good progress in each of the five work streams and you can see it in our results . 
I shared with you at the end of fiscal 'seventeen the progress we have made to become one of the most trusted and respected consumer product companies in the world . 
We are the leader in the Luxury Drinks category in Mexico with an almost 50 % share . 
We will continue to focus on brilliant execution of the six priorities across our markets to drive consistent performance delivery . 
As we mitigated the impact of inflation and GST with a combination of positive mix . 
We continue to see solid growth in our three focus areas . 
The broad - based growth across the business and the three focus areas demonstrates the consistent and effective execution of our strategy through our six execution priorities . 
Reported sales were up just under 2 % as organic growth was partially offset by unfavorable exchange . 
Largely as a result of the acceleration of employment , benefit cost savings from the second half into the first half , which positively impacted margin by 35 basis points . 
For the three years ended June 2019 , with more of the remaining margin expansion coming through in fiscal '19 as we expect to have less costs to absorb . 
For the full year I expect our effective interest rate to remain around 3 % as we continue to see the benefit from the refinancing with some risk of floating rates rising . 
Crown Royal has created the Water Boys , who have engaged tens of thousands of fans at football stadiums and sports bars across America . 
We have grown the business double digit over the past few years and increased our already high share by more than 200 and 50 basis points . 
Before I move on to our three focus areas , let me share with you the progress we have made on our premium core beer brand Guinness . 
We continued to build on momentum we had on Scotch in fiscal 17 growing net sales 3 % ; this solid performance was delivered while working through headwinds in some of our markets . 
It is aged for at least 12 years , expertly crafted by our small team of 12 blenders , and is widely recognized by whiskey experts . 
Brazil is a good example of how we are using formats as an NRM tool ; small formats enable more accessible price points and extend our access to new consumer occasions . 
In December we announced that we surpassed a year early our target to collect 5 million pledges to never drink and drive by activating join the pact campaigns in over 40 countries . 
We 've done this with a shift from a seeding model with presence in three cities to national presence and also expanding from trend - leading accounts into the broader premium accounts universe . 
We have embedded productivity in the Mexican business to drive out costs to invest in growth , this has resulted in savings being delivered across the five productivity work streams . 
Due to challenging market conditions in the export channels in CANDAY , growth slowing in Colombia driven by recent tax increases and price increases in Mexico . 
Whiskey is the most preferred spirit among high net worth individuals , and this trend is accelerating there 's been a boom in whiskey - led bars nationwide with more than 300 bar in China now . 
Looking to the full year our expectations for fiscal '18 remain unchanged , we continue to expect organic net sales growth . 
Partially offset by increased , Ebitdamoving now to exchange . 
Basic EPS increased 36 % due to the balance sheet remeasurement of our us deferred tax liabilities as a result of the headline rate reduction resulting in an exceptional tax credit . 
We will now raise the goal to collect 50 million pledges . 
Our six priorities underpin the delivery of our strategy : Disciplined execution of our six priorities across the business is enabling the delivery of consistent results . 
We have a strong innovation agenda aimed at recruiting consumers into spirits aligned with the three global pillars of recruit , re - recruit and disrupt . 
Of organic operating margin improvement in the three years ending fiscal 2019 and our performance ambition . 
So a bit too early to really see whether it 's all according to plan or whether it is one or two weeks longer as it sometime . 
Happens nevertheless , I would say that will probably slightly impact our Q 2 for care chemicals , but no reason to . 
As of June 32000 and 16 , the increase was primarily driven by the Samsung payment received during the quarter . 
To now include a streamline approach of licensing our know - how and intellectual property as we build out our IP business development function . 
And we continue to have confidence in the strengths of our IP , we remained optimistic about the future monetization opportunities in the gaming market . 
The replacement of the mechanical home button : the use of haptics within their phone 's applications and the opening of their API to allow the development of new applications utilizing haptic effects . 
That includes certain noncash benefits and expenses associated with our international tax structure in addition to normal GAAP metrics . 
In addition , Google launched their two new pixel smartphones , which both utilize the benefits of haptics ; these are further exciting examples of the expansion of haptic use across the mobile market . 
Medical revenues were down 46 % and as growth in the other lines of business outpaces the medical market we expect this transition in our revenue mix to continue . 
Regarding our ongoing litigation with Apple , the Markman hearing took place on October 18 as a reminder ; this is the claim construction hearing . 
Be able to ensure zero harm , we have a responsibility to our people . 
We flagged six months ago that there would be identified headwinds from contractual increases in input costs . 
The programs has so far generated more than 1300 ideas and initiatives , with individual initiatives benefits ranging from thousands of dollars to multimillions over fiscal year '17 and beyond . 
That means our cover remains very healthy , which is well above any of our banking requirements of 2 and our own internal target of 5 the . 
Wires from the roof et cetera , and then the second one is how it is right now , how - minus the trials that we have done , we have done already two trials we have . 
So you will notice that we 're not changing the outlook from what we said six months ago over the past six months , we have seen some normalization of mine plans and we believe that this will continue , but it will be gradual . 
But once it 's in operation we can run at 50 % by campaign and it 's quite manageable , so that 's the first thing there are three large contracts that will be coming in the next years , but they do n 't come - 1 of them is . 
I would divide between where is the prices now and what is the impact on our contracts , which are two different things we sort of think we are at the bottom of the cycle of price declines . 
In the regions of the world where you have available UAN , it is a very effective and efficient fertilizer . 
In line with previous year 's ebit highlighting a stabilization of earnings after the volatility that had been apparent over recent years . 
And then I think one of the standouts over the last 12 - 18 months has been the balance sheet remediation that you 've delivered beyond the obvious things I was wondering just if you could give us some ideas your thoughts as to what the benefits of that are to the business . 
With more investors while we have done well over the last 12 months to reduce our debt level and manage working capital downwards , I would like to mention that the working capital increase over the year due to the scheduled turnarounds that Ive mentioned . 
This touches every part of our organization we have involved more than 1000 Orica people across the globe to review the whole business and consider all factors that create value . 
So as is clearly illustrated , loading operations on blast holes are significantly complicated by the presence of wires , so you see the two pictures that I draw your attention , so this is how the traditional . 
Would it be right to say that as you roll forward into 'eighteen in fact , the opposite applies because of the contract cycle , it becomes important for you to show that the plant can operate on a consistent basis . 
A little bit , it 's not business determining , but it will have an interesting impact on the Ebit interesting . 
We feel very confident with the flexibility of our balance sheet and our current LTV level , which will better enable us to create value via our stated strategy . 
We always said that one quarter in this business is not really important . 
I do n 't think anyone can call me responsible if I took the position with how the retail business is going to look in 20 or 25 years is almost impossible to predict today . 
Initially this was a small asset and an acquisition of its own , and there were probably two reasons why we decided to go ahead with it . 
Many of you know this product has been a core bedrock of our portfolio over the past nine years , however . 
Note : The three points in time highlighted in these pie charts you can see that our portfolio has changed over the past nine years . 
And finally , if you turn to slide 14 , let me summarize we believe this is an environment where capital preservation is important . 
And I emphasize we are not an agency REIT , we just find this sector to be the most attractive in the current tight rate global risk environment and so we 've have allocated our capital in this direction . 
The document may be found on the company 's website under Investor Center as well as on the SEC website . 
And having the flexibility to strategically deploy capital is also important , we manage our business looking out past the horizon of the next two quarters . 
You saw the personnel change in Washington , D . C , in the executive branch , and you saw what happened over the first month that they were in office and how many . 
The slide presentation may be referenced by clicking on the Dynex Capital First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference call link on the presentation page of the website . 
Spread tightened on these assets throughout the quarter , we have been a steady investor in this product sector for the past seven years as this strategy has consistently provided excellent return opportunities . 
We 'll also be tracking who will be the new fed governors , we 've got five new governors that potentially . 
We will address the OTT substitution market in the coming weeks with a new innovative product for the marketplace which the street will hear about . 
Initiatives undertaken at Bell Media and Bell Wireline in Q 4 of 15 we also took advantage of favorable market conditions and a sustained low interest rate environment during the quarter to successfully complete . 
And then services even in the province of Manitoba that MTs may have purchased from other carriers such as Zayo , we 'll obviously make sure we supply those through Bell so those are some of the . 
And as we look through 'seventeen we will through this year and exit the year with the fastest wireless network in all major cities in the country . 
Increment of the acquired MTS assets that related mainly to customer relationships . 
That shows the accretiveness of that transaction of 5 % to 10 % , but beyond that ca n 't give you any . 
If we are in the line where I hope we will be , we should be close to about one million customers on our fibre footprint by the end of the year . 
This represents our best result in almost two years , and it was realized despite the significant competitive and regulatory pressures that existed in the quarter . 
Reconciliation of Gaap to non - Gaapmeasures is included in our earnings press release and available on our website . 
And was up over 200 % from the year ago period as we accelerated the completion of a large number of previously awarded CAF II sites . 
Do the current services contracts kind of extend through the entire CAF life cycle , and we might see some deflationary impact kind of as we hit another CAF deadline in years to come ? 
But I will give you a little inkling into Q 4 , we are taking on shipments . 
Off of services margins in Q 4 and that 's been a clear goal of ours since we figured out what we 're doing here as we look into next year . 
This new addition to our Giga family of products is off to a rapid ramp , with nearly 200 customers placing orders prior to general availability . 
To the subscriber edge , EXOS is built for a future where boundless complexity of the subscriber edge can be managed and monetized by the service provider . 
Where we 're going as a business and thinking through the deployment services and speaking to the CAF part first . 
As c - a - m and we 've actually been very positive on that now being in place and allowing that portion of the market to go forward and not have uncertainty so they can invest so we see both of those proceeding at pace . 
The investment in our it infrastructure builds amore scalable foundation allows us to automate the growing demands of our business . 
Importantly based on the remaining 2017 CAF II sites to be closed out this year and the continued implementation of process improvements on new projects . 
As well as the positive benefits as we leverage our AxOS platform by accelerating product development at lower incremental costs and reduced time frames . 
There 's two things going on here with services going forward , one is that we are increasing our mix . 
Has been when we bought First Federal a number of years ago , they were obviously a thrift , and so there was a lot of 1 - 4 on the balance sheet . 
We 've been bringing that number down over the last few years and now it 's really getting to be close more closely in line with traditionally where we 've kind of kept our one to four family book . 
And then , I think the last thing I would - in or two other things , we 're continuing to still recruit very well on the mortgage side , so we 're continuing to add originators and then the last piece . 
And most of the money center banks or the brokerage houses are obviously at amuch higher level , so I think that mix of those three things tends to work very well for us . 
Our European and Asia Pacific effective tax rate was 34 % , reflecting higher rates on our European profits from legislation changes and the impact of a loss in Asia Pacific . 
We will leverage our TCA execution and platform solutions to provide scalable products that are valued by our clients to capture this market . 
I am excited to be back at ITG and Im confident that the best is yet to come for our clients , our shareholders and our employees . 
Our total revenues declined slightly as compared with the third quarter 2000 and 15 , but that was largely due to the impact of the strong month of July on our third quarter results . 
On slide 15 we break out the expected impact of the energy research sale on our annual revenues and expenses going forward . 
Thank you jt and thank all of you for joining the call this morning , it is great to be back on the ITG team . 
And Europe and Asia - Pacific operations , as well as our corporate activity as a reminder corporate activity , includes investment income and other gains , as well as costs not associated with operating ITGs regional and product group business lines , including among others . 
As we build on , ITGs proud three - decade legacy to continue to ramp up client momentum and deliver sustainable margin improvement . 
Although adjusted fourth quarter 2000 and 15 results were not positive , we did make steady progress on our recovery from the lows after the SEC settlement last summer and we closed the sale of energy research . 
Although we have been negatively affected by the imposition of us tariffs on imports from China , the effect is not material to overall results if the environment continues to shift , we are well positioned to deal with changing circumstances . 
The other benefit is the creation of unique market opportunities : Let me provide two practical examples , one opportunistic , the other more strategic . 
In short , on a 3 - year basis , our performance fits the growth model we talked about at our investor day with clear acceleration over the last year . 
Customers continue to validate the attractiveness of the combination and are already showing us possibilities we 've previously did not see such as integration of data feeds from our transportation business into the construction ERP systems . 
And be able to do a better job of account management , which has been kind of a recurring theme fairly publicly over the last five years in terms of things we need to get done , but I would say it 's really access . 
Are subject to risks and uncertainties , Trimble 's actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors detailed in the company 's form 10 - K and 10 - Q or other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
This need for technology extends beyond farming operations to elements of infrastructure , logistics and processing , and will result in a need for solutions from all four trimble segments . 
And ahead of expectations looking at the results for the first and second quarters , we remain favourably positioned in the market and we are raising guidance for the year , let 's start on slide 7 with the review of the second quarter results . 
Slide 9 provides the geographic revenue mix in the company the Mueller acquisition in combination with organic growth in Europe shifted our mix towards Europe this quarter as compared to the same quarter last year . 
Plethora of different systems that are tied together or will you be forced at some point to consolidate CRM systems and invest significantly in it . 
Yes , I think it probably is a point of emphasis that has grown over the last five years . 
In May , I will loosely follow the content starting on Slide 4 , this quarter 's narrative remains more or less the same as those of the last year emphasizing strength across both businesses and regions . 
The geospatial segment , when compared to 2015 , has a lower relative exposure to oil and gas and a generally more diverse book of business . 
And the other three reporting segments , each posting about 10 % organic growth in short , all reporting segments in all major geographies continued to perform . 
Three comments first : The annual range does not include the anticipated benefits of non - gaap revenue adjustments in the first and second quarters . 
I view that as an enabling technology to help us go after the market opportunity , the more it 's a transactional side in the ERP system . 
Yes , Jerry that one has played out a little different than the hypothesis we had coming into the year and it appears to be maybe a quarter or two behind where we thought it would be . 
More importantly , all three organizations have identified significant market upsides that are available through collaboration . 
These numbers are highlighted on slide 4 from a software revenue mix perspective we continue to see more of our software moving toward subscription business model offerings . 
When we publish our third quarter actuals we will also be updating our first and second quarter non - gaap actual results to reflect this common measurement , this measurement will eliminate the noise associated with negative purchase accounting effects that are most pronounced in the software acquisitions . 
Maybe refer more specifically kind of to the deal flow that we have seen over now the last nine months or so . 
The technology now enable solutions that were not necessarily possible five years ago , it is attracting . 
That really the technology has advanced to the point within the last five years so that Trimble 5 - 10 years ago was talking in a construction firm to the equipment manager . 
This program is an ongoing program and we continue to evaluate such further opportunities across our network of over a hundred production facilities . 
Especially in regards to the ramp - up of the appmill , so what have you been hearing about the ramp - up speed of that mill if you hear from your agents or clients ? 
Second , we are opening up two new segments by bringing innovation into power management for computing systems and for TVs and set - top boxes . 
I think even on a flat volume in 17 we would expect our mobile business revenue to grow and the reason for that is essentially . 
And somewhat diminished what was otherwise a very strong performance during Q 3 , the first of these relates to Malaysian airline system or MAS , which is restructuring to address difficult financial issues . 
They all have their own characteristics , and like I said the 200 er is probably the weak point in the market as far as that generation , and I feel far more optimistic about the rest of the group . 
Given the sale activity and acquisition activity , it 's very hard to kind of keep track of that over the course of the year , I was wondering if you might just be able to say - s , I think you mentioned four aircraft . 
Our losses at MAS consist of future rentals as well as compensation for maintenance value consumed during the term of the contract , which was to be due at lease expiry : We 'll be pursuing remedies for this , but would say that the approach taken here is disappointing . 
In connection with our annual fleet review , and as part of our strategy to accelerate our exit from older freighters , we decided to scrap our last six remaining 747 converted freighters when their current leases expire . 
We remain focused on increasing earnings , producing strong cash roe and delivering sustainable operating cash flows ; we continue to successfully execute our disciplined growth strategy . 
If creditors are ultimately treated unfairly , we expect MAS as well as other Malaysian state - controlled enterprises wo n 't be able to benefit from the same kind of implicit trust the financial community has placed in them for decades past . 
Acquiring a large portfolio will clearly be transformative , maybe that helps win an IG rating is that something you guys would be willing to do at the right price we would . 
OK , and just on the E 2 s , is there a geographic region that 's showing greater interest than we might expect ? 
Im glad to report we have no other aircraft with MAS , the 777 we repossessed is the only one of its kind in our fleet and is 17 years old . 
And I just wanted to walk you through the main drivers in 2000 and 15 of that capital book decrease , so the first one was the small shortfall in our operating cash flow compared to our dividend . 
At any time that Ive seen in the last five years so on the ground money that you can get very attractive rates of return on . 
A decent chunk of aum there we do make some positive Ebitda contribution as we do in almost all of our resource businesses now , but it 's certainly not taken off the way we thought it would . 
Over the past four years we 've invested in nearly every aspect of our business to position the firm for future growth . 
Since that time we successfully transitioned most of Sam 's active aum from legacy funds to new diversified strategies . 
The numbers that we came up with were fairly low because the overall loan book is about 15 loans as you know . 
Institutions are looking at gold in a very , very different way than they did in the last five years , so we are seeing the pace of institutional presentations picking up . 
Such as FFO and adjusted Ebitda , you can find this information together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in yesterday 's earnings release . 
Improving margins : grouping up and unlocking embedded value through our ROI projects . 
Group strength primarily came from corporate group , which was up 35 % ; this is particularly encouraging as we think about group business going forward . 
We will keep you posted on our progress as the marketing process for the initial phase of phase II unfolds as well as any progress made on the subsequent set of assets in the months ahead . 
Setting the stage for what we believe will be a banner group year for our portfolio , we witnessed notable improvements in 2019 pace in key markets like Chicago and New York throughout the quarter . 
As described in our filings with the SEC , these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed , and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forwards looking statements . 
During the quarter we also started the marketing process for the sale of four additional noncore assets as the initial part of Phase 2 of our Capital Recycling Program . 
While Ebitdamargins increased by 50 basis , points at the midpoint to a new range of flat . 
What an average booking window for a sizable group looks like today versus where we were a year ago or two years ago , just so we have a sense of that . 
To ensure we are targeting the right market subsectors we have looked at the total market size and estimated reasonable expectations of our growth rates we can attain in them from this , we have put together a threes year outlook on where the company revenues could be . 
And by the end of that period overcome our depreciation burden to attain positive gaap earnings . 
As we look out over the balance of 2019 , we expect continued contribution from the international oilfield sector for both technology and base ceramic products . 
Looking at contract manufacturing we expect continued grow throughout 2019 , while some clients have postponed decisions on project awards we are making progress in other areas by expanding the products we produce . 
We believe this is one of the reasons residential sales were up only 3 . 5 % in the second quarter . 
Due to the high demand for our beacon software , we have recently encountered a bottleneck in developing the necessary interfaces between beacon and the billing systems used by both current and potential customers . 
Or potential customers in the backlog who want to install Beacon and want to start using our products . 
For each new beacon application , it 's necessary for us to map our database to the database in the customer system . 
Now let me address amatter that 's been of concern to many people over the past two months ; on May 4 of this year we announced that the company was exploring on a preliminary basis various options to enhance shareholder value . 
Normally our normal backlog on something like this is about 50 , now 50 even sounds a lot for a normal run rate , but you have to understand there 's a lot of customers who . 
Trying to introduce electronic meters , but if you look carefully at what they 're offering , they may have only one size . 
Now on to the results yesterday after the market closed , we released our second quarter 2016 results ; sales for the second quarter of 2016 were a record for any quarter , while earnings and earnings per share were second quarter records . 
Were up 35 % margins were strong again aided by lower copper prices , although that benefit has been diminishing as copper prices have risen somewhat over the past 60 days and the relative benefit compared to the prior year 's quarters has decreased . 
Unfortunately , many of our customers do not have sufficient it personnel internally to rapidly provide us with the necessary information which has caused a slowdown in this process and a corresponding slowdown in new orders . 
We further stated that there could be no assurance that any action will be taken as a result of this exploration ; we have made no additional comments since the May 4 announcement . 
Are waiting for their vendor to get them the number - in get them the data so they can send it over to us , so there 's always this period of time delay from the time somebody says I want to use beacon until we can get the thing installed . 
And so we are working with that provider to try and get that provider to map their billing system to beacon , but that provider does n 't have a lot of resources to work with us . 
But in each case you have to be able to take that beacon data that has been brought into beacon from the water meter . 
Another option is to bypass that provider try to go right to the SAP system that all of these entities are using and we 're also looking at that . 
Due to these market conditions , coal utilization has dropped noticeably in the first few months as compared to 2015 : The question we 're wrestling with is whether this is a temporary change . 
And then pick right up back on our growth trajectory as we move into 17 , so we still feel really good about the business , it 's the right business for us to be in . 
So we did have a little bit of a benefit I would say in global power from timing in Q 1 we had a couple of projects we 've been performing very well on . 
Some of the challenges they have there and some of the solutions that we provide so it 's not a commentary at all on 16 , but like everybody else we can look at the coal generation numbers in the first quarter of 2000 and 16 and they were down . 
Also on today 's call , the company may provide non - GAAP information regarding certain of its historical results and 2016 outlook to supplement the results provided in accordance with GAAP ; this information should not be considered superior to or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures . 
Global Power segment had a good quarter with a 19 % increase in gross profit that was driven by higher volume and upside provided from a couple of well - executed projects that are nearing completion . 
So all else being equal if we had two equal opportunities and one was a little bit more - 1 was international and one was domestic . 
I would n 't expect it to keep at that run rate necessarily , nor would I expect it to be a large loss going forward , we make a little bit of money in the China JV and at least right now . 
Global Services had a 4 % increase in revenue , but the gross profit was down as the mix of work in the quarter favored construction services , which is the lowest margin work in that segment . 
Remember that our fourth quarter 2015 free cash flow was quite strong in part due to the achievement of billing milestones that allowed us to collect cash in the fourth quarter , which was reflected in the year 's end cash position . 
In the broader industrial sector we just had n 't seen it in 2000 and 15 we built a little bit of that conservatism into 2000 and 16 , and that was part of the reason for stepping down the growth . 
On a normalized basis we would tend to lose a little bit of money in the Indian JV , there 's just not enough work going through that we will lose less in the Indian JV post the decision to pay down the high interest loan . 
But after about 30 days , the inhibitory mechanisms that we keep talking about with a tumor take over and the tumors begin to grow . 
The good thing about this is it 's amulti - company collaboration that 's sponsored by the NCI where a number of different companies have agreed . 
Somewhere in the region of almost ten subjects enrolled , so it 's very few subjects that actually enrolled and is primary looking at the safety . 
Of the booster vaccine at week 0 and these are the data that we 've previously reported . 
And the reason these fold increases are lower than what we previously reported for the phase ii is that . 
Boost to all five proteins encoded in the protein - in the vaccine , including to the whole virus these responses . 
As we initiate all of the phase II studies that are listed on this slide , so the first study in red , the colorectal cancer indication , has already been initiated . 
If you look at the booster study highlighted in green at week 56 prior to the annual booster , you can see that these responses - 9 - these antibody responses in both groups remained elevated . 
Whereas those who had a strong starting immunity after one year which is the red , those who were higher than the median value at the beginning there really is n 't a boost effect . 
For the majority of the proteins encoded in the vaccine remain durable up to week 56 and again you can see that we can boost them . 
But it 's a way of generating some initial clinical data , while actually we continue to work on what we believe could be better candidates coming through for those two approaches . 
From our work , it 's clear that you need amuch broader immune response kind of mimicking what a natural RSV infection induces . 
And two findings that we have now found and some of which we 've already published is if we vaccinate or inject the vaccine directly into the tumor . 
And we just saw that it would take a long time for the readout , and then we believe we can get the proof - of concept data we 're seeking from the three other studies . 
Our use of the term Ebitda throughout this morning 's call corresponds with the term adjusted Ebitda as defined in our earnings release . 
And that NOV can bring proprietary tools to oilfield service companies to deliver these wellbores , we believe that composite technologies will defeat corrosion in the oilfield , the most expensive production problem that many of you probably never think about . 
There is an opportunity for Nov Tuboscope to inspect the pipe to assure its new owner that it is fit for purpose . 
Despite being based in Houston with nearly a hundred facilities on the Gulf Coast area that was affected by the storm . 
We are incredibly proud of the organization 's tenacity , having delivered 5 / 4 in a row of improving results amidst challenging market conditions . 
We believe that big data and predictive analytics will drive efficiency and that as the largest oem of drilling equipment , NOV is uniquely positioned to bring automation and big data solutions to the oilfield . 
One particular pipe service has grown through the past several decades to become a tremendous NOV franchise . 
We believe our growth in this segment continues to outpace global activity levels for three primary reasons . 
The faster makeup of the connection is partially accomplished by deeper stabbing , meaning there are more threads engaged at the time ; two joints come together , which minimizes damage by more evenly distributing stresses on the connection . 
Though we believe customers have mostly exhausted their 2017 budgets and expect lighter bookings and flat revenues through year - end . 
New Novos control system across all these rigs : We have a fantastic capability in terms of being machine automation . 
This makes the oil and gas industry an enormous consumer of steel ; there are literally hundreds of steel mills around the world that manufacture octg pipe of all sizes , weights and grades . 
Good housekeeping seal of approval for pipe transactions : A single joint of octg pipe may be inspected several times through its life . 
Is a continuous length of steel tubing typically around 2 inches in diameter and up to 30000 feet in length , which is wound on a reel as we manufacture it . 
And 600 NOV employees were displaced from their homes by floodwaters , our thoughts and prayers remain with them and their families as they put their lives back together . 
Allowing them to drill at an average rate 79 ft / h faster than a direct offset , which used a standard agitator in Colorado , the agitator he allowed another customer to drill with 22 % less weight on bit . 
Where we expect to be up and running by mid 2018 , our completion tools business unit also experienced significant wins in the Middle East during the third quarter . 
For the fourth quarter we expect bookings will taper off , as most of our customers 2017 budgets are exhausted , the opportunity to secure Tier 2 pressure pumping equipment has passed and commodity price outlook remains uncertain . 
One major oil company reported it achieved 25 % higher flow rates from its Gulf of Mexico wells by running internally coated tubulars : I would add that the cost of failure of internal coatings is high ; thousands of feet of peeling thermoset plastic can easily clog up a well . 
I am particularly proud of the hundreds of fellow NOV employees who pitched in to help their coworkers , families and friends and neighbors by rescuing those . 
And we expect this segment will return to a slow , steady pace of improvement in 2018 as customer inventories of spare parts are depleted . 
Additionally , we received customer commitments for extensive pressure pumping refurbishment programs , bringing our committed refurbishments to over a hundred pumping units . 
Innovation that eliminates the need for the use of thrombolytics reducing the likelihood of ICU time and bleeding complications that significantly affect patient recovery and outcomes . 
You had a new product approved in that business ; you had 10 % growth , which is the best growth Ive seen in . 
I had some sense from comments in prior quarters that it was possible you might increase your spending against those two programs if you saw . 
At the next auction , but assuming that there is one for the 900 , would you also demand that you get the exact same treatment of course ? 
They 've already had that spectrum for 25 years ; it does n 't help them to keep it for another 6 months or a year ; it just I guess harms them less obviously if they do n 't get the extension and have to shut it down , then they have a substantial amount of 3 G capacity that they 're losing . 
From your observation of the customer behavior , how important it is for the operator to have their 4 G network in the rural areameaning the remote area ? 
Is either reduced or zero , so it can not be better than today if you look at it today , DTAC has a whole range of frequencies . 
And their customers who are on 3 G are going to have a worse experience so . 
Do you think advanced 's decision to join the bidding for the 1800 would imply that their financial - minute would imply advanced 's financial strength and nullify the probability of NCPO approving the matter ? 
From third quarter '18 , the asset impairments for the depreciable assets were actually taken on the beginning of the second quarter . 
Is there any change in the competitive environment over the past three months which I think we can safely assume means the mobile ? 
So for the first quarter of next year we will have to report on that basis and when that happens the accumulated sac will be . 
And obviously we 're still improving our network , particularly in the Northeast , but that 's nothing like building out as we did in 2016 , vastly cheaper . 
For both phases of the recent DIF transaction with the 1 back in November and the 1 we just did in the second quarter . 
Next question is how much of the SAC cost is still left on your balance sheet . 
In our Q 3 2000 and 18 results versus Q 3 of 17 you see this phenomenon with relistor and you 're going to see it again when I talk about dermatology and our neurology businesses . 
Entering or exiting certain channels just to understand this dynamic because it sounds like it will be negative in Q 4 , but it will be positive next year and how that actually ends up tying into gross to net just wanted to clarify this whole thing . 
On slide 5 we 've called out some of the highlights that demonstrate our continued progress towards transformation first and foremost our businesses are growing . 
Let 's move over to slide 19 and talk about Salix product portfolio : We have a number of programs in the works for Rifaximin , first we 're continuing to enroll patients in a study that we initiated earlier this year . 
We raised our full year adjusted Ebitda guidance range for the third time this year . 
Four of the five subsegments posted organic growth and all five saw increased volume over the prior year quarter . 
To summarize all four of our segments grew organically for the first time in the third quarter . 
We resolved the Xifaxan IP litigation and expect to preserve market exclusivity for our top product . 
If you think about the magnitude of the impact of the changes that we 've been making to these programs where you see it most in terms of improvement in gross to net is in derm , that 's why you see the impact that you see on our Q 3 quarter results . 
Achieved record sales and base earnings in 2000 and 15 , while we focused on optimizing our industrial segments which faced difficult economic conditions in many of our global markets . 
And for the first time in two years we are hopeful we wo n 't see a significant winter weather impact to our operations . 
New York trends are pretty much on what our expectations were : I think the one issue might be the corrugated medium machine and what 's going on in that industry . 
And if you go to the website , you 'll be able to see some of the things that are actually occurring around the can I think it 'll give you an idea , but continue to be very excited about it also since that meeting in New York , we 've have had three or four new . 
Additional information about factors that could cause different results and information about the use by the company of non - gaap financial measures is available in today 's news release and on the company 's website . 
Our outlook for 2000 and 16 is essentially unchanged from what was provided at our analyst day in December , other than it has been adjusted to now reflect a lower weighted average number of shares outstanding . 
I think that there was a significant winter event in Q 1 that impacted our industrial businesses . 
More than half of the decline in the earnings for this segment can really be attributed to the impact of our one corrugating medium machine . 
Month or two , but you commented on your corrugated medium business , obviously slowing and . 
The pace of change for us is also changing because i 6 is generating tremendous interest we have over 30 customer engagements today and just everything we 're getting all kind of different requests . 
These niche market kind of products so that will start up later the latter part of this year , and we see a lot of interest in that when we go through these i 6 initiatives , so although - s - th - while it is kind of skewed to flexibles and rigid . 
From an ongoing Ebit standpoint , it is not really going to have an impact as far as further reducing costs on that business ; all those costs are really contained in Irapuato , and there was very little cost here dealing with that particular issue , so I do n 't think we 're going to see anything . 
We could get 500 of the small customers , but they wo n 't make up the revenue that one big customer could . 
Today 's presentation is available on the webcast and an audio recording will be provided after the call for the next seven days . 
We believe that demand for IndiHome is huge , given the fact that Indonesia has more than 60 million household . 
Moving to profitability on an adjusted basis , we sustained our Ebitda and Ebitdamargin compared with last year . 
Please refer to Yesterday 's earnings release and our most recent filings with the SEC for additional information regarding uncertainties that could affect our future financial results . 
Thanks David Good Morning everyone and thank you for joining us today , we generated solid EPs and strong free cash flow and experienced another quarter of strong new business signings in the third quarter . 
We won business with more than two dozen clients , including several important new logos . 
A reconciliation of these non - gaapmeasures is available in the news release and on the ConvergyScom website under investor . 
This growth was offset by volume fluctuations with several communications clients and certain program completions , including the impact of previously divested BPO businesses . 
So it 's all still going the same as I would have said it was going six months ago or a year ago . 
Let me take amoment to update you on our four key drivers for future growth . 
Looking forward , it 's the pace of change and related uncertainties that make the connected four growth transformational program particularly important . 
We increased core operating margin by 50 basis points ; this represents an acceleration of the steady 20 - 40 basis points per year of the last few years . 
In fact , in the fourth quarter market volumes declined by almost 10 % , our own business is holding up well in these conditions . 
This will continue in the first half of 2000 and 17 ; the savings from this restructuring investment will be progressively realized during this year . 
Of your portfolio so you take , for example , ice cream as one we were very much in the bulk segment in retail and we 've really worked hard over the last four or five years . 
Spreads continues to drag on the total growth of food : You may remember that last year , we said that the performance of the BCS unit the spreads unit . 
And that 's obviously an enormous - and would be an enormous boost to get them aligned to the ownership agenda , as well in the coming two to three years again I want to check if I answered your question . 
The two challenges that we have if I may say which are not surprising , I think any business . 
And Im pleased that we are already starting to get early benefits from the mindset shift that comes with our connected four growth program , the chart shows many examples where we have more than halved the innovation time for some of our launches . 
In Nigeria we raised our shares further to 60 % and we bought out the minority shareholding in Egypt and surrounding countries . 
Organizational changes we 've made in the company and you see the effects coming through even earlier than we expected with the 50 basis points operating expense . 
Connected 4 growth and that 's a fair question , but I do n 't think so I think if you really look at the slightly softer growth that we 're seeing . 
I personally do n 't think they 're related to our move to connected four growth , which is absolutely needed and certainly will put the company in a better position as we move forward . 
Will be between 3 % to 5 % , but it will be skewed towards the second half , this time much like it was . 
To continue to drive that down in fact , we are slightly disappointed that we have n 't driven it down more in 2000 and 16 , may I say . 
We 're going through the next six months still with an enormous effort from everybody in the organization to implement that Im very confident that we will do that very well . 
After the unpredictable events in 2000 and 16 this year promises to be more of the same , the upheaval and accelerated change I talked about before . 
At the heart of connected 4 growth is the organizational and core process changes . 
Our overheads increased by 40 basis points ; now there are two reasons for this . 
I will give you now some quick comments about the three divisions , and Wts and Jean - Marc Boursier will come back later on them with more details . 
Even more interesting , it is that all geographies and both ES and CMS have contributed . 
If you exclude the PPA impact to get an economic view on our profitability . 
We keep on being as selective as possible with financial criteria that have been reviewed in the most stringent way since I took on my additional CFO responsibilities . 
Another favorable element to be noted is the price increase we witness for industrial services , this is good news for Suez . 
As far as the two voluntary departure plans are concerned , please note that in . 
As you perfectly know , H 1 always sees an unfavorable trend in terms of working capital , which will revert back by the end of the year . 
Let us move to slide 5 here are the main figures of the semester . 
That was my presentation regarding a solid H 1 performance : I now give the floor back to Jean - Louis for some concluding remarks . 
The third message is that our commercial teams are fully mobilized to outperform and definitely contribute to an acceleration of Suez growth ; many contracts have been renewed . 
Another one , the Prairie Program , where we are the only utility participating to this new ecosystem , gathering the best players around IA issues and solutions . 
We will have less contribution in Q 4 because the water was already accounted for last year , but given where we stand at the end of June given the results . 
This led to an approximately 50 % increase in construction material operating income . 
I would note that the consultant cost savings were concentrated primarily in the second half , so fiscal 2017 will reflect those relative savings early in the year . 
Increase in interest expense in 2016 was primarily attributable to increased borrowings : We continue to pursue the sale of noncore assets where appropriate . 
Revenue growth was driven by an average price increase of approximately 9 % for the year on marginally lower volumes . 
As of February 29 , 2016 , we are in compliance with all of our financial covenants through that date and expect to remain in compliance for the foreseeable future . 
Thank You Fiscal 2016 was a rewarding year in which the hard work difficult choices and strategic decision - making of the past few years has lead to a significant improvement in our financial performance . 
Including those risk factors discussed in the company 's most recent form , Ten - K filed in May . 
Overall we feel we made significant progress in fiscal 2016 , although we believe there are further opportunities for improvement . 
And with our peers reconciliations of non - gaapmeasures to the nearest corresponding gaapmeasure . 
Once you adjust for the impact of closed and signed asset sales , we had underlying production growth of 3 % compared to our second quarter production last year . 
Norway was plus 7 oh oh oh again we had better uptime and well performance , but also some increased gas offtake in the summer . 
Thank you Ellen and good morning , Ill start on slide 4 , which summarizes the progress we 've made during the second quarter on our key strategic financial and operational objectives . 
If you turn to slide 5 , Ill review the quarter financials in more detail . 
If you 'll turn to slide 9 , Ill cover some operational highlights from the rest of the portfolio . 
The project is on track and first production is expected by the end of 2018 , so those were just a few of the operational highlights from the first quarter now let 's move to slide 10 to discuss the remainder of the year . 
Our cautionary statement is shown on page 2 of today 's presentation deck : We will make some forward - looking statements during today 's call that refer to estimates and plans . 
This was an opportunistic addition based on attractive contracting terms we expect to average about 12 rigs . 
We 'll talk more obviously in November about our outlooks and our plans for 2018 , and I think we 'll be in a better position to talk about . 
We just concluded the 90 - day operational phase of the two train lenders test in July . 
Yes , I mean , I think in 2019 you 'll see something that will probably look - 1 start to look to you like manufacturing mode as that infrastructure becomes available to us . 
Really driven by better uptime and some better well performance , we were plus 10000 in Malaysia . 
Last year in November , on 14 November , we have announced that we have changed our organization . 
Managing some annuities in France and part of the indexation previously was paid by the state , we are referring to very old annuities dating from 60 years ago . 
On your second question about owned funds , I just wanted to make two remarks . 
The only area where we have been considering share buybacks is in the event of the IPO and what we have said is the following , and this is still true , we 've said that . 
It is not from one geography or from one operation ; it is across the board from all geographies that have contributed to this excellent performance . 
At the same time , the underlying earnings have grown by 11 % and we have continued to invest and to realize . 
That three large us institutions have put themselves together to make sure that they work on exactly that topic that has shown to me that we are on the right journey . 
We have tried our best to anticipate with all the changes pre - ipo that we 've shown you in our investor day in November to anticipate as much as possible . 
In case we do the IPO , we will have some funds to reallocate into the lines of business that we want to grow . 
This result has been fueled by a very good performance across all the geographies that AXA has . 
We have also realized a significant improvement in the underlying earnings growth of 20 % ; those are the markets . 
And you can look at this for all these six geographies : The key is how can we grow with our customer base ? 
People will always talk to you at AXA about a focus in health . 
Which has caused France to be in a very difficult and miserable situation in the first half of 2000 and 17 and given this situation and also given the fact . 
The guarantee in the new business is very close to zero , so the dilution I would say of the in - force brings the overall guarantee down . 
Was very much about mortality of people that are 100 years and beyond so that I would call on the outskirts . 
Is a very strong contributor to the overall results : We are a strong market leader in France , we are in the top three everywhere and despite the fact . 
Thinking back we have six countries where we are very strong in health . 
And then my final question was just on the operating variances within the AFR because . 
You probably know that Q 1 is by far our smallest quarter due to relative seasonality in some of our businesses , nevertheless we 're encouraged by some of those results . 
So before we open to questions , let me wrap up in a few words we are rather pleased with Q 1 since we are making progress on the initiatives that we highlighted as our priorities . 
But not only by the carryover impact of the selling price increase of 2000 and 18 , but also . 
Maybe it is related to the nim contraction and if we will see . 
Since I came to Hamburg now six months ago , I visited all regions and major markets that I was not directly responsible for in the past . 
From the automotive industry in the second half of the year , the direct industry segment grew by 9 . 1 % thanks to the strong demand from the electronics and automotive sectors . 
Pretty much as large as Nivea clearly it 's across more categories , but it 's clearly showing that you can deliver very strong . 
And although the decision to leave after ten years , the dynamic world of the emerging growth markets has been an emotional one , Im very excited to have joined the headquarters to take the helm of the company . 
The plus underlies our commitment that care will make Beiersdorf even stronger in the future . 
This covers a population of an extra 800 million that we will have to build up step - by - step following the key success factors of India . 
The effectiveness is proven to visibly reduce dark spots in eight weeks . 
After six years of board responsibility for the Near East and the Americas regions . 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen , I admit to sit here as CEO of the company is a very different experience . 
These three pillars are also the areas in which external growth opportunities . 
We continue to perform well in quarter 4 with growth above the selected segment . 
Starting almost from symbolically maybe from west to east stepping up Nigeria where we entered in 2000 and 16 establishing also a local production capacity . 
From my natural habitat in which I lived and worked for the last 28 years apart from a very short period , Ive always worked in the market in many countries , very close to the consumer . 
The impact of the acquisitions resulted in a negative 60 basis points , mainly due to the purchase price allocation effect . 
Has been no balance sheet deployment in over 10 years and of course this is the second . 
I think the eleven years is maybe an exceptional long period to drive something which is very impactful , but that is certainly one that we will have to continue to do . 
Certainly '19 '20 that productivity gains will be also reinvested in the company in the first place in order to get . 
Risk factors management , discussion , and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations set forth in investors Bancorp 's filings with the SEC . 
With an allowance coverage of almost 200 % , a strong credit history and excess capital we believe we are well positioned should the economy decline . 
We believe that growing the bank organically and through prudent acquisitions has served us well as a public company and through our second step five years ago . 
We are a stronger bank today than when we completed the second step five years ago . 
Since the first quarter of 18 over the last five months we have changed our retail leadership and have added new resources to our retail deposit and business lending teams . 
On our Executive Management Team 11 of the 15 members are new to the bank since 2014 we need to execute on our plan and lead our teams with passion and purpose . 
And while we 're continuing that at a healthy pace of over 100 basis points . 
Report a quarter 4 , but we probably should have because it was such a big adjustment from a year ago , so I apologize for that so we want to clear that out today about what happened . 
We - minus that 's not going to inhibit anything we do one other thing , I would tell you about three weeks ago , I got to go to Dallas because we got named . 
Germany has been very strongly affected both on the retail side as the food service side by adverse weather condition in the first four month of the year . 
To becoming the market - leading hybrid , REIT expanding our ability to further invest in areas across the agency residential credit . 
I was just wondering if after the HTS acquisition goes through . 
A of strategic and financial combination , so 30 % of the market cap the total market cap was actually taken out while it doubled , so I think - to that was a healthy way for the best companies . 
As I will describe further value and yield investing in certain sectors of equity , market has clearly become more rewarding and more easily defensible in 2 oh 1 , 6 the . 
There is a clear and present opportunity to attract the growing investor flows rotating into yield sectors today sectors which are more highly valued than the mortgage REIT industry . 
The first quarter of 2016 continued to be the type of challenging environment we 've been preparing for . 
In my remarks , Last Quarter I also discussed our outlook for 2016 : I stated that because of our diversified platform and low leverage profile we were positioned to . 
In amarket that is clearly in search for yield , I also wanted to address the relative valuations of the mortgage REIT sector . 
We spent much of the first quarter evaluating the potential fit of the Hatteras portfolio with our own assets , and we continue to feel positive about the combination of the two portfolios . 
Im really curious , I think the thing that surprised us the most during the quarter during the first quarter was the volatility around agency mbs I would 've thought that in a . 
Has a lot to do with the level of rates what we saw in Q 1 was a very sharp rally . 
A rate which outpaces the growth of the global economy by more than three times over the same period . 
In stark contrast to the situation at the time of our last conference call , the publicly traded capital markets have improved significantly over the last two months . 
For example , the sale of employee benefits to Sun Life Financial closed on March 1 : We expect the dividend cash proceeds to the holding company starting this quarter subject to regulatory approval . 
For the full year we continue to expect growth in net operating income weighted towards the second half of 2016 new mobile programs . 
The houses that are in default or in reo - type status if you think about our field services , so we are not . 
Today 's call will contain other non - GAAP financial measures , which we believe are important in evaluating the company 's performance . 
Net earned premium and fees for multi - family housing were upmore than 20 % ; we achieved this increase through our affinity channel and expanded relationships with property management companies . 
As a reminder first quarter 2015 benefited from a tax consolidating adjustment that reversed itself during the course of last year . 
That linked to mortgage originations , but we do expect over time as we continue to gain , share and demonstrate the value of our capabilities in our compliance that we 'll grow that business 8 % - 12 % a year on the top line : Yes , I think the key there is . 
For more details on these measures , the most comparable GAAP measures and a reconciliation of the two please refer to the news release and financial supplement available at AssurantCom . 
These offerings now account for 27 % of the segment 's revenue and are expected to continue to grow at double digits in the long term . 
The release and corresponding financial supplement are available at Assurant dot COM , as noted in the release beginning in the first quarter 2016 : We revised the presentation of Assurant 's results to focus on housing and lifestyle . 
Revenue at solutions increased 5 % from the prior period in 2015 , driven by a higher volume of covered mobile devices globally and strong growth in vehicle protection . 
That will increase the supply of natural gas to the New York City area by about 400 million a day . 
Among those predictable sources will be the new long - term supply and transportation agreement with Nova that was highlighted in our April announcement of the Geismar sale . 
That effort in the OVM area and really excited to see the kind of development that is going on , we 're getting a tremendous amount of well connect requests . 
The drivers of growth and the leverage , for instance , the operating leverage we have in the Northeast and what volumes mean to us in terms of Ebitda there . 
Glad you could join us today and I plan to keepmy remarks pretty brief today to allow as much time as possible for your individual questions and also recognizing We Have Our Analyst Day coming up next week on May 11 in New York City . 
Depending on the application , these devices are required to maintain their performance specifications for up to 25 years . 
However , not yet seen an improvement in the market and we expect MoCVD investments to remain soft . 
We enter 2016 with what I believe to be the strongest and most competitive product portfolio in Veeco 's history . 
A key supplier in Asia : We started to win some new accounts , new OSAT accounts that we had not been in . 
Global economic uncertainty and slow growth in China continued to dampen led TV demand . 
These factors are discussed in the business description and management 's discussion and analysis sections of the company 's report on Form 10 - K , an annual report to shareholders . 
LED prices decline even though it appears to me the decline rate compared to a year ago is somewhat less . 
That oversupply needs to get used up and it will get used up as LED lighting penetration continues to grow . 
In Q 4 in Q 1 we are continuing to buy our shares , so we are executing that program we believe it is a good investment at this time for our capital to buy back our own shares . 
I would like to see both systems and service , grow at the same time , and still maintain somewhere around 25 % to 30 % , but both the business grow at the same time . 
Few have announced plans to shift into more profitable applications or to exit LED production altogether . 
With Waferetch our flexible process offers cost advantages versus incumbent technologies , Waferetch also promises substantial cost savings for the TSV reveal process . 
Things have improved slightly , but they are still in the same - broadly in the same situation that they have been over the last six months . 
Generate a lot more revenue from other opportunities like Advanced Packaging , MEMS and RF as well as . 
Certain non - gaapmeasures will be discussed on this call : We have provided a description of those measures as well as a discussion of why we believe this information to be useful in our form eight 's k furnished to the SEC this morning . 
As we stated throughout the prior year , while our fiscal 2000 and 16 results were disappointing as a direct result of the record warm temperatures throughout the heating season . 
Thank you anuradha I would like to welcome everybody to this call and appreciate your joining us for the discussion on the results of the third quarter of fiscal 2016 Let 's begin with details of some of the key developments of the quarter . 
Zee will continue to offer quality entertainment to audiences both home and abroad across various consumption platforms . 
So how do you - minus how should we look at it from a twoithree - year perspective will it sort of stabilize and probably increase in line with your other expenses or your advertising and publicity will tend to be more like a percentage of revenues ? 
The channel delivered a weekly average of 12 shows among the top 50 shows during the quarter . 
Of which the data will also be presented in Q 3 , so these are very important moments in the history of the company . 
Cost efficiency initiatives that will continue to benefit the margins , but since the two segments are close to all - time highs . 
Can you just speak to how confident you are that you can sustain operating margins in the 40 % range ? 
Overall , the CHC International segment realized strong performance in the quarter as the team continued to actively integrate sales strategies with promotional programs . 
This is a great position to be in and we will continue to work hard in our efforts to ensure millions of IBS - C and chronic constipation patients . 
With the continued focus on investment in the brand against the backdrop of strong Linzess revenue growth . 
I think that is kind of the brand that we want to have in terms of how we approach the payer , but I think we feel good about where we are with linzess , we think 'seventeen looks good and so far the early signs in Zurampic look very encouraging . 
As the market leader , we will continue to innovate by seeking to improve the clinical profile and expand the clinical utility of linzess to better serve an even broader patient population . 
The majority of these patients are dissatisfied with currently available treatment options , primarily otc laxatives and . 
But I think the most encouraging thing is , we are literally at the table with all ten of the major payers right now . 
To take both medications at the same time in one pill , which we believe will help drive physician adoption and further growth in the category . 
Where we are today , we 're trading at less than 6 x revenue multiples , so I think there 's a lot of opportunity for . 
Patients who see predominantly a GI attack and how you would . 
The interim results from Part I were very encouraging , especially considering this was a small number of patients with frequent attacks treated over a relatively short period . 
The first exploratory trial we plan to run in this setting is Zenith - 1 and it 's planned to begin this summer bill will go into more detail on this and the rationale in amoment . 
Before we begin our remarks , I want to direct your attention to Slide 2 , which discusses our use of forward - looking statements and potential risk factors . 
We designed Part I of the trial to exceed the drug trough levels that we expect to be necessary to effectively manage the disease and we succeeded in doing this with a daily dose of 300 and 50 mg . 
To round out the update , let me review the status of the rest of our pipeline : We continue to make progress expanding the availability of Rapivab by gaining approval in Canada in January and filing for approval in Europe earlier this year . 
First , I would like to review the plan for completion of APEXs one this trial in HAE patients . 
We look forward to seeing the results of parts 2 and 3 of the trial , which will study lower doses bill will provide an overview of what will be in the second interim analysis of APEXs - 1 shortly . 
We have also recently filed a supplemental new drug application with the FDA to expand the treatment age for rapivab down to two years old based on the data from an ongoing trial in pediatric patients . 
This will include all subjects enrolled in parts 1 and 2 and per the protocol and the Statistical Analysis Plan placebo subjects will be pooled from both parts for analysis . 
Patients will not be required to come to a clinic or a hospital to do that each subject will participate for a total of three angioedema attacks with blinded trial therapy delivered in a randomized sequence . 
In order to do that you have to have all of the previous doses taken in the morning so that you can administer amorning dose on the day that the subject attends the clinic for the serial pk draws . 
Also , Meritor specifically announced UQM as one of their two strategic partners in this product line . 
Customer and market for UQM I also want to mention that our longtime partners Proterra and Zenith will continue to be strong customers . 
Beyond the major oem that we 're dealing with so by far the hottest market in the world for fuel cells is China and a couple of facts on that market of what they 've targeted is . 
That , however , we 're going to capitalize to support our JV into China and to look at these other markets . 
Again as a reminder , the CFIUS process approval only applies to the proposed foreign investment in UQM and has no jurisdiction . 
In order to facilitate our growth through 2018 and to support our growing demand for delivery later this year we have made some investments during the quarter . 
Shipments of the DT systems to Ashok Leyland have commenced and we continue the dialogue at the highest levels of Ashok Leyland on furthering our partnership as we continue to work on our expansion into the India EV market . 
Another customer that has kept our plant very busy over the past few months is Keshi with their electric mining vehicle application . 
Would be a great opportunity for UQM and potentially lead to additional business in the region . 
Jointly discuss what the impact of Cfius holding up the investment from Sinotruk is going to have , and how they would like to approach it as well , and then I can - minute we 'll know much better after those meetings . 
During his speech , Jay made two major announcements first was the introduction of their new brand with a wide range of electrification options of axles called Blue Horizon . 
As their first major customer and application for electrification , Peterbilt will electrify a number of Class 8 transport and refuse trucks as first adopters working with the Meritor E - axle . 
We have started the initial shipments of our DT systems to Ashok for their pilot build - minute bus builds and we expect these shipments to continue over the next few months . 
As previously reported , Keshi placed their first production order with us and we are in the full launch and build mode for this product line and we will begin shipping the initial systems to Keshi in China during this quarter . 
Looking back on the coda business is a lot of these contracts require significant deposits before we . 
Our future continues to look very bright for UQM as the commercial electrical vehicle market is continuing increase in its market adoption and I want to thank everyone again for your ongoing support and we look forward to another exciting quarter . 
In closing Id like to commend our entire team for the solid and steady record of growth and profitability , they have produced over the past six years since our IPO , a track record we can be very proud of within our industry . 
Followed by comments about our fourth quarter investment activity and the performance of our investment portfolio and then offer views about 2018 and then . 
So against the backdrop of a healthy market environment we 'll stay the course in terms of our game plan for 2018 sticking with the strategies that have served us well and produced a strong track record since we 've been public . 
As we discussed during our call on March 23 , the acquisition will strengthen and help grow the core of our business . 
Id also like to mention that in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP during our call , we will discuss several non - GAAP financial measures . 
The LIT business is now fully integrated and continues to play an important role in several of our major programs . 
Ill turn now to our financial guidance for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year of 2016 , we believe that Mercury 's market opportunities and backlog position us to continue delivering solid revenue growth in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year . 
Adjusted Ebitda excludes depreciation , interest , income , and expense , as well as income taxes in addition to the exclusions for adjusted income from continuing operations . 
Adjusted income from continuing operations exclude several items from GAAP income from continuing operations . 
However , in accordance with Gaap , Mercury intelligence systems is n 't - kilometre is reflected in our statement of cash flows . 
We 're launching our melanoma indication in more than 50 markets globally and we are preparing for launches in additional tumors . 
As we accelerate the launch of Keytruda around the world , our researchers are continuing to study Keytruda with an extensive clinical development program that spans amultitude of cancer types . 
We are making good progress with the Zepatier launch , we 're having favorable conversations with payers , and we 've garnered some early wins in both the public . 
This recommendation has now been ratified by the European Commission : Ill remind you that Zepatier is not cleared by the kidney and can be used in patients irrespective of baseline renal function . 
Ive said repeatedly that I expect that Keytruda , by virtue of the spectrum of its activity , will prove to be foundational in future cancer care . 
Incorporated into the existing filing for keynote - oh 10 , we have seen the agency moving that way before , but . 
And we really have not gotten NRDL approval for Januvia in China , yet so once that 's achieved , I think that that represents another opportunity for us . 
And we are seeing increased uptake and utilization of our HPV vaccine around the world . 
Relates to is the IRS allows you for orphan drug clinical trials so if you have a drug that has a . 
Substituting therapeutically even existing patients , so I do believe that we 're going to continue to see erosion for remicade that the biosimilar impacts are accelerating and they 're going to continue . 
Which were partially offset by declines in Remicade and Nasonex , Ill now highlight a few of our key franchises and product launches and Im going to begin with oncology . 
Subsequently , the FDA has requested additional information to enable their review of the Zinplava file , with the result that a new action date of October 23 has been set . 
And as I said , the VA continues to ramp up nicely , so we 're encouraged by the access that we 're getting and now we have to work to build market share and that 's what we 're going to focus on as we move forward in terms of the . 
Productivity will continue to play a significant role in 2000 and 19 and our stage 2 initiatives are just about planned out , with execution commencing in the new year . 
And plans to break ground in new markets in 2000 and 19 and Jumpstart is undoubtedly a key contributor as our brand strength continues to grow . 
We know the importance of strong partnerships with national brands and saw some great successes in Q 3 through our partnerships with SodaStream , Instant Pot , Lagostina and The Rock Cookware . 
And Patricia , it 's the other Greg , I would just say it would stand to reason that issuance and redemption would be way up in Mark 's and FCL because it 's net new , but . 
Consistent performance , like what we 've seen in Q 3 , is the result of decisions we 've made 18 to 36 months ago . 
Another brand success story in the quarter has been Woods last year : We did a 19 - store test of Woods outerwear at Sport Chek this year , we came back aggressively . 
Im not at all concerned about the brand , we 're down to - Minute , I think the brand 's in really really good shape , and I think Susan and TJ would agree that it 's less about how the brand is going to be positioned in Canada . 
It sounds as though we wo n 't really see much of a change in the in - store offering here in Canada until later in 2019 , and really we should be looking to '20 and '21 in terms of how it builds is that fair . 
Reported revenue and the proxy for the dealer shipments was up 10 % right , so how do we think about that in terms of what happened last year and how to think as we progress through the fourth quarter ? 
And again we 're just - 10 we 're just not seeing any indicators that there 's any softening based on kind of those three big looks into the business . 
And also for 2000 and 19 we today announced a double - digit increase in our dividend and the continuation of our share repurchase program signaling our confidence in the company 's future . 
You will see us work to increase that proactively going into '19 , this is one of the key things that Allan and Tj have diagnosed as a big opportunity for FGL heading into next year . 
Yes , I mean , I obviously want to see Ebitdamargin expansion as time goes on , and I think the next phase of the productivity program is really focused on our cost structure . 
We 've been reviving existing brands like Noma Motomaster and Outbound , these three brands have been rejuvenated over the past two years . 
Clearly , the work to reposition Mark 's brand with well worn along with the work PJ has done on assortment and merchandising has made a significant impact . 
So that 's why we 've made Woods and other own brands a priority for Chek this season over the coming weeks , we 'll execute a plan to re - merchandise our athletic and outerwear departments by category instead of by brand as they are today . 
We also adjusted the IFRS 9 model allowance compared to our original assumptions given the portfolio 's good performance in terms of risk . 
Snowing virtually everywhere in central Canada , so I think the commentary we provided at the time is that we saw real strong shipments in the December time frame and if you remember coming out of Q 1 that was one of the big . 
This new manufacturing facility further solidifies our foothold in South America ; construction on this facility was completed in the second quarter of 2018 in Australia . 
For 26 consecutive years and we 're very proud of our track record of annual dividend increases . 
Design and engineering for the project is currently underway , with construction expected to begin in the spring of 2019 ; the project is one of the largest accommodation facilities ever built in Canada . 
Overall , ATCO had a very busy year as we continue to transform into a globally diversified infrastructure holding company . 
Funds generated by operations and capital investment , these measures do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS , and as a result they may not be comparable to similar measures presented in other entities . 
We also signed a contract for workforce housing and operational support services for three camps . 
About 70 % of our outflows from Sipp on wrap , for instance , goes back to the customer in terms of regular income . 
In summary , we 're operating two successful and growing businesses and our management teams are executing on their operating plans . 
Expert real estate evaluations of our future disposition of these properties , along with accounting for our experiencing and exiting our first 35 retail outlets . 
As well as excluding certain recurring and nonrecurring adjustments for comparable GAAP measures , investors have an additional meaningful measurement of the company 's performance . 
We also benefited from the investment and efficiency efforts of the past 18 months , which includes inventory freight . 
It should allow us to expand our MRO and consumable products business and is a good example of the expert knowledge and enhanced services we are bringing to our customers . 
Thank you , Larry , I will address our segment financial performance in more detail , as mentioned previously , my comments will be primarily directed to non - gaap results . 
The five basis points of NIM improvement over the third quarter was driven by a combination of benefits from higher short - term interest rates and favorable funding mix offset by an increase in cost of interest - bearing deposits . 
Some corporate and non - bq - related issuance and underwriting , and so while you have seen other institutions in fact some of the largest banks in the country report . 
We 've started to look at the next group , which we call 7 K inside of our company , but the really heavy lifting is mostly behind us , so I do n 't think you should . 
Information about factors that may cause them to differ is contained in our SEC filings : Forward - looking statements made speak only as of today , and we undertake no obligation to update them except to the extent required by securities laws . 
Compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 , Margin expanded 21 basis points approximately 10 basis points of this expansion was driven by the benefit that our free funds provide in a rising rate environment . 
The composition of our loan book and regional view are shown on slides 33 and 34 , and we are seeing positive trends in several of our markets and verticals , most notably commercial real estate and construction and our national lending platforms . 
Okay so we should see like when we look at sort of going out in 2 Q vs 1 Q outside of any investments we should expect that number to further drop down into the second quarter . 
Pretty dramatic increases in that what has helped us and offset some of that decline on the BQ side has been the move into corporates , which has been a successful launch for us . 
Particularly in our traditional 40 - act business , we are also redoubling our investments in the faster growing segments and areas of strategic focus , including exchange traded funds , private equity , and alternative investment businesses . 
Finally you 'll see the details for the bank and asset servicing segments beginning on slide 26 followed by details on each . 
From a vertical perspective within our lending area , however , just because of the scale of the opportunities on the cre side , it 's likely that they continue to have a little bit of an outside . 
Investments will serve to improve the digital user experience for our partners and customers as well as expand our HSA investment capabilities . 
While tax reform is seen as a positive , we do n 't expect it to significantly affect CRE development or acquisition activity . 
Which became effective OCT 3 at this stage , it 's too early to evaluate the rule 's ultimate impact . 
We think that that will continue to be - in continue to show weakness going into - 16 , but I should point out that is not a significant part of our commercial business . 
And then the cash flow impact could you give us an update on what you would anticipate for 2016 the reduced cash payments for losses , what does that mean for your free cash flow ? 
With a long history of exceptional performance in the NICU , the integrated system as well as our industry - leading comprehensive service model . 
In the coming months we will continue to work with the primary investigators and the FDA to clarify a potential path forward . 
A portion of the trial and now 50 % 50 % data confirming what we saw in the first quarter that information is intriguing to payers and to prescribers as well . 
But we think that the feedback that we 're getting from customers is that Inomax offering is something that offers a lot of value to them in this particularly fragile patient population . 
So this is the product the physicians go to manage these critical patients whose median survival is in the range of two to four weeks when they actually are experiencing this exacerbation of their condition . 
At Inomax , growth continues to be driven by strong demand and contract renewals at or above historic levels . 
We expect a better understanding of the potential benefit of VTs - 2 70 to emerge , as we carefully consider the totality of data available to us , this is an important step . 
As I mentioned last quarter given the RMAT designation awarded to this program , we will continue to engage with the FDA to evaluate an earlier submission if the data are supportive . 
Potentially be able to file this in 2019 or do you think you might have to do some more ? 
Also have - INCULTION helps to answer an additional question , which is there additional benefit that accrues by keeping the patients on for another 12 weeks . 
But that was set up for the early 2000 and 20 s knowing that we 've got a number of products to launch in the next . 
You would be account by account and one of the things that we think is a strength of the Inomax offering . 
The geopolitical tensions and this increasing us dollar are all bad macro forces for us in that sense in terms of what we 're facing . 
For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in the documents we file from time to time with the SEC , including our most recently . 
So looking ahead , Im excited about the opportunity at Smart to further leverage on a strong execution capability that is demonstrated so well . 
I will now provide additional detail for our three operating segments including our domestic agriculture and construction segments and our international segment . 
Or 67 % improvement in adjusted pretax results on a consolidated basis . 
Today 's conference is being recorded at this time : I would like to turn the conference over to mr John Mills with Icr please go ahead . 
For the first quarter of fiscal 2000 and 19 on slide 10 you will see the progress we have made in our expense structure and corresponding improvement in our absorption rate over the same period . 
As of April 32018 we continue to have ample capacity in our credit lines to handle our equipment finance needs . 
Slide 12 provides an overview of our cash flows from operating activities . 
As I discussed earlier , we did accelerate some of our new equipment purchases into the first quarter of fiscal '19 due to the increased lead times and potential steel surcharges . 
You 'll see on slide two of the presentation Our Safe Harbor Statement : We would like to remind everyone that the prepared remarks contain forward - looking statements and management may make additional forwards looking statements in response to your questions . 
Excluding the incremental inventory associated with our Agram acquisition in Germany . 
Revenue was negatively impacted by a lower store count resulting from our fiscal 2018 restructuring plan . 
You will note that there are no adjustments to our current quarter , Gaap reported amounts as all activities associated with our fiscal 2018 restructuring plan . 
We have reduced our annual operating expenses from fiscal 2014 to . 
We 'll provide updates on our business review as well as the status of our attempts at resolution with the PBGC to enable us to operate and grow our business in the most efficient and profitable way possible . 
Once again , these results underscore the demand for an opioid - sparing solution like exparel and our team 's success in decreasing the number of patients who are exposed to the risk of the operating room as a gateway to opioid misuse and abuse . 
Specifically , many anesthesiologists are viewing exparel as a game changer and the positive results that they are achieving with brachial plexus blocks . 
Once the final CMS rule on j code take effect on January 1 , we will expect smoother reimbursement to begin to unfold for both Medicare and commercial payers as the market standardizes around the Medicare reimbursement j code . 
So the high level of interest among anesthesiologists is not surprising with clinicians very eager for pediatric patients to be included in the exparel label to that end . 
A lot of what 's being done between the two organizations is being driven by . 
Symphony health for a long time kind of correlated with exparel and then . 
And then when you take that away , you have a very different scenario , so if you looked at it over the last two years when there was no payment . 
So that we can be ready to go on January 1 and the biggest single thing is that we do n 't want to tell people that something is possible and then have them billed for it and have all those bills rejected that 's what we 're trying to avoid . 
In addition to the ambulatory setting , our outpatient account managers are successfully engaging with oral surgery and plastic surgery customers who are interested in highlighting their use of exparel as ameans of differentiating their practice . 
This is a key advantage , as the literature indicates that performing hip fracture surgery within 24 hours of injury is associated with better functional outcomes along with lower complications and mortality . 
A description of these metrics , along with our reconciliation to GAAP , can be found in this morning 's press release . 
Looking ahead to our full year financial guidance in addition to increasing our exparel sales guidance . 
So many of the big payers would tell you that they believe that they pay for exparel today . 
And so I think we have every reason to believe that when you marry that with the D code that we will see . 
So we see it - 1 we 've had some very interesting discussions , some just in the last 24 hours . 
Relative to the last year that there was a payment you would see that - 9 you would come to a very different conclusion that if you took a five - year moving averages , which is the way that CMS approached it , so I think whether they 're going to . 
We continue to hear exparel success stories from physicians who are using an opioid - minimization strategy as a catalyst to shift both large and small procedures to the ambulatory setting . 
We see an expanding role for exparel in oral surgery field where an overwhelming majority of patients would prefer a nonopioid option for managing pain . 
The problem is that because we do n 't have a J - code and the SOP for how the providers are billing the payers . 
To standardize their ability to bill for exparel across the continuum way more than Medicare , so in terms of a qualitative impact of that change . 
And so we think that having the ability to bill for exparel even in an environment where it is currently , the standard of care is going to really accelerate . 
With big ambulatory groups who want to start using exparel very aggressively to drive their - kilometre , the momentum of their business around the fact that it will be reimbursed . 
And so they 're all slightly different in terms of how they got to where they are with exparel , and so we 're learning how to address these folks individually as customers . 
Many of these younger patients are exposed to opioids for the first time following common procedures like wisdom tooth extractions improving access to opioid - free solutions like exparel is critical in this vulnerable population . 
Who order on a regular basis and so part of the reason we put the 24 folks out , there was specifically to allow folks that have a retail focus . 
And you see the halo of that that people that have had success with exparel in the ambulatory environment , especially people who are . 
So we 've had I think a cordial discussion on the fact that a five - year average is probably not a great way to look at this that if you looked at it in the context of the first three years when we had AC code . 
Ordering exparel been increasing it or is it now about further penetrating existing accounts in the hospital setting . 
Approximately 50 % of the operating systems will be handed over to the owner by the end of this year . 
The First Nations will take ownership in a world 's class terminal asset , which is expected to generate solid returns for the next 50 years or more . 
And commercial markets through our participation in early April at the DEFEXPO 18 India show our superior microdisplay performance was of great interest . 
As noted on page 19 of the supplemental information , we currently have 11 new facilities under active construction and development that along with . 
Will be a net positive for HealthSouth , it 's important to remember there are two goals of these alternative models . 
And finally , our partner Encompass has established a very solid track record of treating complex patients in their homes through their specialty programs , two of which focus on cardiac . 
Up 30 basis points from Q 2 15 , as can be seen on slide 18 , the rate of new prepayment claims denials declined from the level we had experienced in the three preceding quarters . 
The higher percentage of patients requiring therapy visits had a favorable impact on Q 2 pricing . 
Has led us to estimate the impact to HealthSouth as a reimbursement reduction of 3 % to 4 % ; this updated estimate may be found on slide 20 of the supplemental materials . 
Hell bent on rolling this out across all three states that we 're affected in no matter what that first rollout looks like , we really do think that there are going to be a lot of providers who are not up for . 
All of those costs then are included in that 90 - day episode So That 's Why We 've Been Saying for So Many Years . 
Which is the request for advance payment and that 's where we actually get paid about 60 % from Medicare at the beginning of the episode . 
The company does not undertake a duty to update these forward - looking statements ; our supplemental information and discussion on this call will include certain non - GAAP financial measures . 
We believe we can continue to enhance the clinical collaboration between our two segments , thereby continuing to increase the number of patients cared for by encompass agencies over time . 
Our inpatient clinical information system has been installed at six former Reliant hospitals and will be installed in all former Reliant hospitals by year - end . 
The opening of this new hospital will depend on when we receive the final con . 
First , in many of our markets , our hospitals are the 90 - day low - cost provider for the hip conditions included in these bundling initiatives , and we believe we can exploit this advantage to gain market share . 
We have also analyzed the new bundle model and believe the downside risk of these two are modest . 
This is larger than previously anticipated owing to two provisions within the proposed rule . 
Strength in Your Medicare Advantage : Business Inside the IRF and Im Going to Ask This Question in the Context of Transformation of Payer and . 
Great and just to ask the requisite stupid question on the call , could you just explain a little more what the significance of the 90 s ? 
We believe that ultimately the works that we do on that initiative will allow us to develop commercial bundled payment products that can be marketed to Ma plans and other payers . 
For such measures , reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is available at the end of the supplemental information . 
On page 26 of the supplemental information you will note the overall payer mix of our discharges has stabilized and is generally in line with the payer mix we 've had over the last three quarters . 
Additionally , on July 20 , we announced the closure of Our Legacy Hospital in downtown Austin and its consolidation with one of the two former Reliant hospitals in that market . 
Encompass also added to its portfolio in the quarter with the acquisition of two home health and two hospice agencies in the Greater Atlantamarket and the opening of one home health agency in the new Port Richey , Floridamarket . 
The second is to reduce Medicare spending for beneficiary importantly , this second objective is measured over a 90 - day episode . 
As a reminder , this proposal is 900 s plus pages and was published just this week , so our analysis is preliminary at this point . 
And the expenses related to the integration of Caresouth as may be seen on slide 17 and as Jay discussed . 
And the updated considerations related to this guidance are included on slide 14 : Id like to spend a few moments and elaborate on some of the items we expect to impact our performance in the second half of the year . 
Here on the administrative side and also some potential increases in DSO and maybe even bad debt expense for a period of time as we transition to this new provision we think that that will be temporary . 
The potential impact of the cardiac portion of this new model is harder to size because CMS has not disclosed the 98 markets that will be randomly chosen to participate . 
Revenue per episode for the second quarter declined by 1 . 6 % , largely owing to the Medicare rate cuts that became effective at the beginning of the year . 
Bryan and Modesto , together with the impact of converting Midland to a JV , will create a net expense . 
Waiting in line for the Medicare contractor to give them permission to treat the patient , so it 's the lesser of two evils . 
So aj it 's Doug , I think that you 're looking at it the right way in terms of the pricing impact . 
And by far the largest national distributor for specialty construction projects serving 14 trades , we have a unique understanding of our customers needs . 
We 've been dealing with increasing cost in steel rebar since tariffs were first introduced in 2017 ; we 've been successful in passing along all of the cost increases . 
Yes , look , we certainly expect to grow the business profitably , and when we say grow the business profitably , that means to continually expand our Ebitdamargins . 
We listened intently to the voice of our customer regularly , releasing improvements to our website to become even easier to do business with 2018 also saw the release of our new sales console . 
As the weather improves and we have the opportunity to deliver to job sites , our sales performance will normalize we remain confident on delivering a strong 2019 next is the construction end markets . 
For the full year of fiscal 2018 , we estimate our ongoing annual capital expenditure requirements to be approximately 2 % of annual sales . 
Also , during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 , we experienced a holiday calendar shift whereby Christmas Eve and New Year 's Eve fell on a Monday . 
We believe we have now established that the control of ILs 1 , 2 is a potential therapeutic platform for turning cold tumors hot . 
As well , business and financial meetings has increased substantially in 2018 already and with global reach . 
We have recently seen a very strong trend with major partnerships and acquisitions in this area and we believe that controlled ILS 1 , 2 is now positioned . 
I want to reiterate that all of our work at MD Anderson is already paid for . 
As we have progressed and learned over the last few months , in particular we are certainly smarter and better positioned for value creation , for example we saw great maturation in our clinical data in our ILs 12 GBM patients . 
With the prepayments that we will draw down over time in fact , this covers us for all of the cost of work planned at MD Anderson for the next two years . 
And we 've developed a new business model for hospitals , Ziopharm will provide patients and caregivers with a solution that addresses the cost and complexity . 
Without control , you can not safely harness the benefit of ILs 1 , 2 ; indeed , we can directly see from our clinical data that the tumor tries to defend itself from this invading army of T cells with an upregulation of checkpoint . 
We have shown already in three types of cancer that the controlled ILs 1 , 2 is a powerful platform that can turn cold tumors hot in other words . 
Particularly in the second half of 2017 , which furthered our understanding as to why patients could benefit from the control of this master immune regulator . 
And the scalability essentially of car - t we know hospitals and providers have significant concerns about the payment models and the total cost associated with currently approved Ts cell therapies . 
On the other side , with the il - one two , the rates were in , there is that we know for some cancers , you do n 't know the targets . 
Perfect then talking about the car - ts and I know you take a lot of pride in how you have improved the manufacturing processes . 
Hopefully throughout the course of this call today as you listen to our full year 2018 results and recent corporate updates . 
In 2019 , again based on what we are seeing thus far into the first quarter of this year , we are highly confident in achieving our full year guidance . 
We 've already made great strides in just the first few months of the year with our data presentations at the World Symposium on Orlando . 
The reach and breadth of our footprint is remarkable when you think that just a few short years ago in 2000 and 15 amicus in total had fewer than 200 employees operating out of our one location here in New Jersey . 
You provided some nice color on the trends you 're seeing with the Galafold launch in us and Europe , maybe you can just make a few comments on what you 're seeing in Japan and maybe how that compares to us and Europe thanks . 
And the ongoing propelled pivotal study support our strategy to advance at - gaa as quickly as possible with the potential to become the new standard of care for people living with Pompe disease . 
In addition to the announcement of the breakthrough therapy designation for the remainder of this year , we will concentrate on the PROPEL study enrollment . 
To people who in too many cases , particularly children , living with these diseases believe that they no longer have hope up to 10000 children that we estimate are living . 
Then we took the decision to commercialize Galafold on our own and have now built an organization of more than 600 total global employees . 
The second aspect Id like to highlight on slide 21 is the tremendous team of entrepreneurs that brings the utmost passion for patients and for our mission to bring great new medicines to people living with rare diseases . 
Sure , so - is the one part of Amicus that we - minute that has maintained a pretty steady state over the last four years of our growth has been our science organization . 
We also expect this year to complete enrollment in the pivotal study which we 're calling the propel study . 
The initial child with CLM 3 Batten disease in that study continues to participate with no serious adverse events . 
In addition to the more frequent and intense dialogue with the FDA on this program and also all of the initiatives that may advance this medicine to Pompe patients as quickly as possible . 
As we shift into our financial results and outlook , Id like to draw your attention to slide 4 to note the highlights that I first outlined in early January . 
And we remain very confident that this strength will continue in 2019 during our first full year of launch in these major markets and also as we enter new markets around the world . 
So with that turning to slide 20 , let me first emphasize that we are a global organization with a presence now in all four major regions around the world , including a presence in 27 countries . 
Getting that science ready for manufacturer and ultimately then hand of either to a CMO or to our later stage process development . 
At - gaa to have a pretty profound effect on their function , and we saw that also in the motor function , of course in the 6 - minute walk increasing in both groups so . 
And that this team knows how to manage in a way to access that value keep our trucks moving and grow our logistics business further and let 's not forget this assembled management team has only been together for two full quarters . 
My greatest concern is which USA Truck will show up in the middle innings of this mighty change : We are proud of our results for sure , but it is our job as a team to make sure that these greatly improved results become the new standard of our business . 
Over prior first quarters of past years , as I said before , our intent is to measure our performance against the industry and close the performance gap in meaningful ways like it 's never been done at USA Truck before . 
I think we can have a debate about what industry averages over the long term , but yes , I think in 1920 s - Think I think pretty consistent with what we think so . 
Unlike many of our competitors , we did a pay increase in the fourth quarter of 16 prior to that we also . 
As the market is changing , our customers are also changing their bid sequence : I mean one very large customer that most people know has pulled their bid in and made it a oneyear bid for all of their business that 's going through right now . 
There is also an important network effect , so I literally had a conversation with my pricing team two weeks ago . 
I mean what we have said very consistently is , we think it takes our team two full bid cycles to make this our network and so we are just now implementing . 
And such statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections and are made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 as amended . 
We did ramp the new partners in the fourth quarter and have just begun seeing the impact of those efforts in the last three weeks . 
Im not sure we 're two - 0 , but we are showing our ability to close the gap with our public competitors like never before . 
At a ratio of one - for - 7 effective as of the opening of trading . 
In the first nine months of 2000 and 17 we have nearly achieved those results and anticipate . 
Break out what percentage of your EMS sales are driven by that market in particular . 
In EMS , and now you 're at 41 % this quarter , so Im trying to get a feel for what to expect going forward , do you see this level sustainable , or was there anything in it that might have caused it to be a little bit higher than what it normally should be ? 
Good Morning and Welcome to the American Airlines Group 3 rd Quarter 2017 Earnings Call . 
On previous earnings calls , I provided estimates for our 2018 pension contributions as the airline relief legislation ends for us . 
The early results are encouraging as nearly 20 % of customers notified of early or delayed bags are using customer bag notification to set up a bag delivery . 
Can you talk about your revenue outlook by region underlying your healthy 4 Q outlook ? 
So in conclusion , despite the challenges resulting from the three hurricanes , our team has produced another excellent quarter . 
Bouncing back from a difficult summer of 2016 , in addition , our baggage performance continues to be a focus for our team . 
About 90 % of other revenue next year will be the loyalty revenue that goes through other , so is there a plan to either rename or break out that line next year why would you continue to call it other when that 's not really what it will be ? 
We will continue to take ameasured approach to matching our planned capacity levels with anticipated levels of demand ; we are still in the process of developing our operating plan for 2018 so . 
We 're already on our way with a full launch of basic economy across our domestic system on September 5 Our careful planning and measured rollout over the summer has resulted in a very successful launch with no disruption . 
Performance has been in line with expectations with about 50 % of customers who received a basic offer choosing to buy up to the main cabin product . 
But we can also be leaders in making it better , so if the Naacp wants to talk to us and wants to help us get better , we 're excited about that so . 
From plus 50 to plus 25 - 50 on a full year basis , but you talked a lot about mix , I was hoping you could tell us a little bit more . 
A replay of the conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call until Friday , May 10 , 2019 instructions for accessing this replay are included in our first quarter 2019 earnings Press release . 
What we did see is relative to your pull - in question , or what we saw is , we definitely - Minus , I think we highlighted this in February that we thought there was somewhere around 70 to a hundred basis points . 
And for the last 25 years leading it to becoming one of the most important restaurant brands of our time , I thank Steve for the invaluable time he 's spent bringing me up to speed over the past several weeks and I deeply appreciate him fully handing over the reins to me and giving me the autonomy to lead . 
Catering is approximately 1 % of sales and remains a large untapped opportunity on which we have increased our focus . 
Check average also benefited from customers adding queso to their order , which added about 200 bps April trends have been impacted by unseasonably cold and wintry weather in much of the country as well as the Easter shift . 
We still anticipate marketing and promo costs to be right around 3 % of sales for the full year , with elevated spending for the remainder of the year . 
It does n 't have the ability to handle new menu news or even use price because of that simple menu , and those are two tools that you used with great effect in the past , and so I think people are having a hard time understanding . 
The quiet period will begin on the 16 th day of the last month of each fiscal quarter and continues until the next earnings conference call . 
And most importantly for all patients , so regardless of patient or cancer type , we have we believe the best means to choose neoantigens our atlas technology . 
Atlas found many other neoantigens that were not predicted and importantly also showed that some antigens were inhibitory , potentially shutting off a patient 's immune response . 
As we mentioned in today 's press release , we 'll be presenting some compelling new Atlas data at next week 's SITC meeting . 
About how the immune system will respond to different potential antigens , but the evidence is that these in silico tools only have a 20 % to 30 % predictive power . 
We will also continue to follow the clinical outcomes of patients in the trial as I mentioned we anticipate an ind early next year . 
And of course we continue to look as we said at Gen - oh - oh three partnership opportunities , we see a couple of different ways that we can be bringing in nondilutive capital . 
So what makes us different it 's our core technology atlas , which is our proprietary neoantigen identification platform . 
We 'll identify the unique mutations in each patient 's tumor and will then feed all of those potential candidate neoantigens into atlas . 
And it 's that platform plus gen - oh - oh 9 and the products that we generate from it that create nondilutive financing opportunities with which we can advance the company . 
We expect it will last around 30 minutes and we 'll provide you will both a qualitative and quantitative summary of the most significant events in the period plus an outlook of our expectations and estimates for this year . 
Argentina area keeps on growing organically at 36 % as we continue passing inflation cost to prices in the country with no deterioration . 
Times to drill each wells are beginning to shorten , with one well being delivered in a record 16 days from spuds to total depth . 
The combination of these factors together with a large selloff in the equity markets due to concerns around global growth and increasing us interest rates . 
We could be facing amore moderate growth in us shale production in the coming years than what the most optimistic views have been suggesting . 
Of 2017 , now unfortunately , we have not yet been able to obtain the needed regulatory approval from the Russian authorities so . 
Might not necessarily make the headline , but significant ones count on 1 in 19 and 1 in '20 ; some of that is related to where we are in the value generation in the field . 
And I think we 're starting to see opportunities around the world to now continue to have those discussions as we go into 2 oh 1 , 9 and I . 
Now for Q 1 of 19 we expect to be in the low end of this range now we 're going to have the normal impact of winter . 
How does that change going forward , how does the industry - and you 're the leader in the industry , how does the industry finally get to a point where they can earn their cost of capital at some point other than the peak of the seven 's year cycle ? 
First of all , the Internet business acquired 3 . 2 million GGA subscribers as of the end of the second quarter . 
Moving on to my question , then I would like to ask the management of KT : What is your priority across shareholders , government and employees ? 
We asked this question to your other competitors as well : I would like to understand what Kt 's position is with respect . 
Continuing the top line growth for eight consecutive quarters since the second quarter of 2015 , when Giga Internet subscriber acquisition actually took off . 
One update is that we continue negotiations with major national retailers for the remaining target space , and while the replacement of the income at the three properties vacated by target takes time , we are making solid progress . 
And building a better reit also speaks to the ongoing focus to make our business better every day by working tirelessly to execute our strategy . 
And your rent spreads on renewals have been fairly strong for a while now , so I assume that speaks to not only anchors , but also some of the Cru tenants around them as well a . 
We hope to have more details to share by the end of Q 2 , but progress is in hand our commitment to doing the right real estate deal for the long term at both of these locations will pay off as they are strong assets in their respective in North Bay markets . 
Location : So we are going to probably transition through a little bit of vacancy there over the next year or two where we end up having to move people around , but I think at the end of the day it will be amuch stronger . 
That are in front of us Q 1 was a quiet but steady quarter in terms of completed acquisitions and dispositions , but with much work completed on pending transactions . 
When we bought it they had about eight years left on their lease , but again working closely with them we 're hopeful that we can do something in the very short term . 
And the success of other - of our strategic initiatives and on slide 7 you 're going to see that we 've been doing just that . 
We 've already launched 4 G in Switzerland and the Netherlands , and we 've seen a rapid increase in sales and revenue activity in both those markets , maybe just a quick comment on mobile consolidation . 
Which has a direct impact in terms of cost reduction and margin improvement for us and is real money , so we do n 't have to pay our Mno partner . 
Not because of all the acquisitions that have taken place over the last five years , it really is just as simple as rethinking how we do things and how we operate our business and when you combine the high single 's digit rebased growth . 
So before I turn over to Bernie , Ill come back to my key themes , it 's all about growth for us customers Arpus Revenue and OCF and while we feel . 
However , we are delivering on the Ziggo Synergy plan , which we expect to have a favorable impact on OCF performance . 
On slide 14 we present a summary of the year - to - date results of the Lilac Group , which is comprised of our operations in Latin America and the Caribbean . 
I could theoretically end the call right there and go to questions , but I promised the team Id walk through the rest of the slides so bear with us and Im going to move to slide five now , which summarizes . 
Part of it is just where we are in the cycle and I think that we think the opportunity in the next three years in that market certainly looks better than the last three years . 
Wherever they are and then Ill wrap upmy remarks on page 9 with some operational developments that have a direct impact on growth for us and Ill start with just a bit more color on Liberty , Threeoh and I said before . 
On slide 12 we break out our third quarter rebased revenue and OCF growth rates for our operations in Western Europe , which make up over 90 % of our total European revenue . 
We are running our fall campaigns and now we 're in the middle of our best selling season and we are targeting up to 1 million RGU additions for the full year . 
That is going to be the engine of growth for us in the B 2 B space , so we have to invest in products we have to invest in people . 
And Ill talk about our advanced video platforms in a second , but when you consider that our next - gen video services and tv everywhere products consist of very fat content offers . 
With 2016 growth forecast in the high 1 s to low 2 s , with the heavy majority of this new supply coming from the largest vessel segments . 
Whilst GSL is fully independent from CMA CGM , we maintain a strong working and strategic relationship with them . 
The expectation that demand growth will outgrow supply growth this year and potentially also in 2017 is certainly a step in the right direction . 
This brings us to Slide 10 where you can see that scrapping activity is indeed on the rise . 
Contracting has continued to slow materially during 2016 , new orders placed during the first nine months of the year . 
You 'll also see in the two horizontal red boxes the extension periods that we secured . 
For the two vessels previously coming off charter at the end of next year . 
Good Afternoon and Welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Discussion for PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust . 
During the second quarter , uncertainty in global financial markets led investors into the relative safety of us treasuries , sending interest rates lower . 
Offered through the Home Affordable Modification Program commonly referred to as HAMP in addition to proprietary modification programs to helpmore borrowers qualify for amodification . 
The bottom table provides information related to the current balance of our CRT investments . 
Cash flows from PMTs existing investment portfolio remain strong . 
This slide illustrates how the CRT transactions are carried on the balance sheet and flow through the income statement . 
Which are made possible through PFSIs specialized capabilities as our manager and service provider in addition to investments in small balance multifamily loans . 
Investment opportunities now let 's turn to slide 8 and discuss the second quarter 's results by strategy . 
Returns on correspondent production improved to a 63 % pretax annualized return on equity as a result of increased locks . 
With distressed whole loans decreasing over time and CRT investments increasing . 
In our evaluation of the earnings potential for PMT and determining . 
That can have quite ameaningful impact on many banks as they are required to look forward over a 12 - month period or even as far as the remaining life of their exposures in . 
So let me close my remarks by verifying that I remain confident about the prospects for Bladex in 2016 as the bank capitalizes on its position as a relevant player in the region with an important role . 
So thanks for trusting us , I look forward to talking to you for the first quarter of 2000 and 16 when we meet again in April have a good day . 
Comparing with Q - 1 's for the cost without the blackout in accident and the earthquake and the last . 
Report on the complete tv set in terms of its progress and development . 
On the second quarter of 2017 , before we begin , allow me to introduce the speakers today . 
Usually for the preorders , so we believe the stock level is still reasonable since Q 3 is usually a high season for ordering . 
These newly connected iPass users collected over 5 million network records in the Rio area . 
One interesting point on that partner , they had annual shortfall revenue in Q 2 - 16 , but are now actively ramping and they have doubled their consumption of hours in October over September . 
Up from 50 % last quarter and giving us increased flexibility in pricing and winning significant strategic partner opportunities . 
With the goal , of course , of trying to drive similar growth in ACV , some deals are big . 
Around how we 're buying GoGo going forward so we can do a little more interesting stuff with our unlimited customers and providing them access to that GoGo footprint at a reasonable price . 
Yes , absolutely so historically we 've defined ACV as it has to be incremental to run rate revenue if it 's a existing customer signing a commitment . 
Potentially requiring some technology customization as we 've expanded our reach and introduced the SDK , the number of whales in our ocean is expanding , making us less dependent on any single partnership . 
By now you 're probably sick of hearing me , say that the size of our network has more than tripled from just one year ago . 
We can now process an incredible 1 billion records per hour literally orders of magnitude faster than where we were in September . 
We calculate the last full quarter of run rate revenue and annualize to determine the adverse impact on revenue over the next 12 months . 
Related to the end of the modification periods for executives terminated in the 2000 and 15 restructuring event , most modification periods have now expired and we expect exercises will decline significantly in the fourth quarter . 
While this growth was modest , it 's good to have two in a row and three in a row makes a trend . 
In short , we continue to extend iPass everywhere with focus on making sure everyone is able to connect in the places they need to be . 
And in the pursuit of this goal , our largest and most important partners have told us that our iPass SmartConnect technology has a 12 s to 18 s month lead over any competition . 
And third we enjoy a customer and partner base approaching 1000 organizations , among them some of the world 's largest and most respected brands . 
And Ive assured my husband there will be no round 3 , but Im fully committed to making a seamless and successful transition with Debra over the next few months . 
Debra and I have worked closely over the past two years and I am confident that Debra will successfully build upon the strong foundation for our businesses that we have formed together following the Lorillard acquisition . 
Offset by the impact from the removal of camel styles associated with the FDA 's not substantially equivalent decision in the fourth quarter of last year . 
This compares to industry inventories of 7 . 6 billion units at the end of the third quarter last year , which remained stable over the course of that quarter . 
But certainly the deeming kind of news coming out in May and then really the 90 days to get anything into the market certainly drove a lot of investment in this quarter . 
Mean it 's been more than 18 months that we 've seen very , very favorable , and even improving trends , I would say , and now what I think you have is a little more stagnating trends . 
And Id remind you here of our significant debt reduction , two dividend increases and Rai 's new share repurchase program , so Im very pleased with the way this year has progressed . 
It has been a true pleasure over the past two years , working with our talented team gaining a deep understanding of the tobacco industry as well as directly contributing to the success of our strong businesses and powerful brands . 
Newport 's volume in the third quarter was up about 1 % versus the prior year , and was not significantly impacted by wholesale inventory changes . 
Please refer to schedules 2 and 3 at the end of our earnings release for a detailed reconciliation of our reported to adjusted results . 
RJ Reynolds strong margin improvement in the quarter was largely driven by the net pricing . 
For the entire time that we were making product for ITG , so when you go through the calculated net price realization that is something that we wanted to provide some color on because I think . 
There was in RJRT in 3 Q relative to the margin that you achieved in 2 Q and I was wondering if you could just talk about . 
Not only is this the right time for a transition to new roles , but Debra is absolutely the right person to lead Rai and its companies to the next level . 
As you know , the brand rolled out a 10 - count mini lozenge in selected stores in the third quarter and this style is now available . 
Reynolds American had a very successful first nine months of the year with strong financial performance across each of its operating companies along with the successful completion of our integration process . 
American Snuff reported another good quarter with volume growth of over 2 % and net pricing realization . 
Which was paid on October 3 , this quarter 's dividend increase follows the 16 . 7 % increase announced in February and is the third dividend increase since we completed the Lorillard acquisition last June . 
And our state political process engagement were two incremental . 
Joe also comes to RJ Reynolds with a strong track record of bringing brand innovations to market , which will serve the company well moving forward . 
Vibe offers more liquid than the brand 's previous products and also has amore powerful and longer - lasting battery . 
In about 19000 outlets , so that 's a quick look at our operating company 's achievements in the latest quarter and over the first nine months of the year . 
To - ebitda I would note here that given the relatively low interest rate outlook along with our improving interest coverage . 
The energy coal market has rebounded from the lows at the start of 2016 and the direct benefit of the recent increase in prices has been most clearly felt in Indonesia , followed also by the Australian suppliers and miners . 
As always , the full financial statements and long form management discussion and analysis are available on our website and at the SGX website I recommend that you read them in conjunction with this presentation . 
With expectations in the first half of 2016 as confirmed by the group 's back - testing activities . 
Id like to take this opportunity to state that our focus has been on liquidity and the following actions have already been undertaken in the last six months . 
We continue to see growth opportunities across the barrel and around the world ; the growth of our us natural gas export capacity is expected to provide further opportunities . 
In total , the actions that have already undertaken in the last six months are expected to improve our pbit performance . 
Strong global oil demand growth and us product exports will continue to give us opportunities in our Central and South American franchises . 
In the oil liquids business in all regions and in the LNG business . 
On a comparative basis , as a percentage of revenue , I do think that that is one point that you should take into consideration between the two companies , there is a difference . 
While we had a positive comp , it is important to note that our product mix was substantially different than it was in Q 3 of last year . 
As we mentioned in Q 2 , we reviewed each store to ensure we had quality team members who are knowledgeable about flooring and available to serve our customers . 
And our projections of pretax income for the remainder of 2000 and 16 we expect that our tax rate in the near term will continue to be impacted by valuation allowance and deferred tax considerations . 
There 's been a lot of noise in it over the last say one year , one and a half years if you think about the interruption we 've had in several of our assortments , so we 're kind of seeing that return to normal if you will . 
Feel those two teams are working together and that may have an impact on where you see us source from in the future , but . 
How we talk to the customers about it , I think probably over the course of the next quarter or two , we 'll really start to understand where we think that 's going to land as a percent of penetration of our total business . 
By the end of 2016 we will have replaced over half of our product with a fresh contemporary line ; most of this assortment is in our stores today and customer feedback has been very positive . 
Our team is focused and determined to execute on those opportunities , as we look ahead to 2017 now let me hand it over to Marty to walk you through the numbers in more detail . 
With no likely requirement for an advisory committee meeting and with a Pdufa date in the third quarter of this year . 
And so we set the stage for an exciting 2017 which I will come to in amoment , but before I do , Ill turn it over to Bill . 
We expect simultaneous publication of Fourier in a leading medical journal with supplementary materials . 
And its potential treatment 54000 patients with the data to review in a few hours is substantial and I think will give us some clues about the future . 
We admiringly and respectfully refer to this project as Cubist II , the project is well underway , and we continue to evaluate all of our strategic options for this remarkable set of important id assets and capabilities . 
Yes , we still like the look of the data in that regard , and we 'll present the information in detail on the 17 th , but yes that 's still a very much in the . 
It 's three weeks way presentations and discussions at the meeting are likely to tilt the whole direction of dyslipidemiamanagement worldwide for many years to come . 
Yes , we 're currently trying to figure out a way to do a 9 - day week . 
Added to the overall result for the quarter and for the continued momentum through nine months and when you look back over the last four years you see the consistency of results and continuation of improvement in the underwriting . 
These returns will be lumpy and the results through the first nine months of the year is more than we would expect in a normal annual period . 
Before going through each segment , let me say again for the second quarter in a row that our us business in total is doing very well . 
Well , I think if you go back and read our transcripts for the last 10 / 4 , we 've been saying the same thing having said that . 
Of course , the corresponding loss ratio is in the 20 s or 30 s ; the same is true of some of our risk - managed business within commercial specialty . 
In fact , this quarter 's us underwriting income was one of the best in the history of the company now let me briefly comment on each of our operating segments . 
This growth was somewhat offset by lower premium in Argo REIT due to increased competition , having said that we do see some signs that the market is bottoming . 
Which pay fees in excess of our firm average and one less day in the quarter ? 
Page 11 of the Earnings Presentation displays net flows by investment vehicle . 
Displays the current and trailing four quarter trend in revenue and breaks out investment advisory fees by vehicle . 
Also , the presentation We Make Today contains pro forma or non - gaap financial measures , which we believe are meaningful in evaluating the company 's performance . 
Of course , our ultimate goal is to achieve net inflows in all four of these segments simultaneously . 
It in terms of EPs it was also a good quarter . 
But you need to bear in mind that last year , recurring was strong in Q 4 because we had a few catch - ups . 
We have provided supplemental non - IFRS financial information for understanding of the differences between the two please see the reconciliation tables included in our press release . 
And these investments really began to pay off last year as we delivered 7 % organic sales growth . 
Moving to our cash flow in 2017 , we generated strong free cash flow which enabled us to repurchase 2 million shares of common stock . 
And finally our success rate or hit rate if you will on opportunities is up nearly 25 % , so we 've never been in better position to realize that sales growth . 
Or bring us new presences in geographies like Iqap : Ill have some additional comments in amoment , but to review some additional details about the fourth quarter , let me now turn the call over to Brad . 
This was driven by organic sales growth of 5 % and the benefit of acquisitions , which were partially offset by higher raw material cost . 
OK and I Believe You mentioned that Polyone experienced strong growth in Asia : Have you seen any changes in industry competitive dynamics in China and Asia , more broadly in the past six months or so and ? 
Revenue for the fourth quarter increased 15 % , our highest quarterly increase of the year . 
Due to the underperformance of DSS before I hand the call back to Bob , Id like to briefly discuss our thoughts on tax reform . 
As a portion of our foreign earnings will be subject to us , taxes on an ongoing basis and certain deductions will be reduced or eliminated . 
We have a robust pipeline of innovative composite materials to serve these and other markets , and estimate more than 50 % revenue growth from composites in the next five years as these materials make their way to market . 
That 's probably the best thing that I can say or the most accurate thing I can say about the competitive environment as I said , the most challenging being in em still . 
I think it was a very good end of the year where we had a little bit of both where we saw some mix and price improvement on top of about 4 % volume growth , so I think a good quarter all the way around in that regard . 
Can you provide I guess a little more detail on why margins in Asia could remain lower than the other regions , yes , Im not sure I would point to anything specifically in the last six months ? 
Even with our record sales performance in 2017 - 2017 was admittedly a difficult year for engineered materials and the industry as a whole as we were challenged with raw material pricing pressures . 
Negatively impacted Q 4 , but all things considered we delivered another strong performance and one that we expect to build upon . 
In terms of additional costs that are going into the business , the only observation that I have about M . 
We are encouraged by our growing sale of UFS controller to Micron in the second quarter . 
To give you more detail on this restatement we use an internally derived standard currency exchange rate for our constant currency sales and reporting segment results , this standard fx approach is designed to give amore consistent longs term view of results . 
The only other things that Id point out a large number of abstracts from our ep group looking at some of the newer . 
Which was higher than our guidance of 70 basis points as a result of over - performance of the pathology business . 
We believe we are on track to reenter the European market and submit our us pma in the fourth quarter of this year . 
Given the recent periods of volatile exchange rate fluctuations , we 've seen larger differences between these internal standard FX rates and the actual foreign exchange rates as a result , we updated our internally derived standard currency exchange rates . 
In synergy manufacturing equipment due to higher volumes as well as campus consolidation and plant network optimization activities . 
Finally , we adjusted EPS to exclude transaction cost related to the acquisition of Orlaco Bob will discuss our adjustments in more detail . 
Turning to page 5 , I want to provide some additional detail on the growth markets that we will continue to focus on as well as some specific products that are contributing to our current and future growth opportunities . 
On page 7 , the emissions market has become an increasingly complex , with an increased industry focus on emissions , controls and monitoring . 
Finally , on page 9 , we offer a number of products that improve safety and security on both passenger and commercial vehicle applications . 
As we 've discussed previously , our PST segment continues to contribute positive operating profit , resulting in the third consecutive quarter of breakeven or better operating performance . 
As we 've discussed we expect revenue growth over the planning horizon to exceed our underlying markets by two to three times , this growth will be delivered - driven by our focus on solutions . 
We have discussed the benefits of our Mirroreye product on fuel efficiency previously with initial trial showing up to 2 % fuel savings by replacing the existing Mirror on commercial vehicles with our Mirroreye system . 
Similarly , we are adjusting our gross and operating margin ranges up 50 basis points . 
Moving to slide 19 in closing , I want to reiterate that we are proud of our first quarter . 
On page 3 , let me briefly cover our first quarter results please note that for comparability to prior quarters and due to the fact that Orlaco only contributed for a portion of the first quarter . 
We will focus on the value - creation process in order to optimize synergies related to the acquisition as outlined on page 17 We have begun to leverage Stoneridge 's customer relationships and products . 
Again we spend a lot of time talking about Pst over the different calls and it 's nice not to have to talk about performance misses and really to be able to talk about the performance . 
Decision is expected by December , with final rates effective in January of 2017 , we also have pending rate cases in Minnesota and in Texas . 
We made significant progress to convert some of our upside capital to base capital with a planned filing to own 600 MW of wind in Colorado ; we anticipate a commission decision later this year . 
At this point we would anticipate you 'd have to go through a competitive RFP to do that . 
Officer : In addition , we have other members of the management team in the room to answer your questions this morning ; we will review our 2016 first quarter results and update you on recent business and regulatory developments . 
Significant factors that could cause results to differ from those anticipated are described in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC . 
Finally we remain on track to deliver ongoing earnings solidly within our 2016 guidance range . 
Finally we recently filed a settlement in our New Mexico rate case which was reached between SPS , the staff and other parties . 
In position for closing that 50 basis point gap does that require more rate cases does it require you to change the types of . 
We expect much improved utilization of our fleet going forward , which will increase margins for the remainder of the year ; the majority of the Ebitda for this business is expected in the second and third fiscal quarters . 
A complete summary of the amendment was included in our eight 's K filing in early June . 
Essentially we recognize the mark - to - market of the inventory and hedges for that inventory throughout the holding period in Ebitda , however the inventory is marked to a current value , and the hedge is marked at the future value on the curve . 
Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these statements as a result of various important factors , including those discussed in the risk factors section in our form 10 - K . 
And our infrastructure have positioned us to double the number of RV dealership locations over the next five years . 
As compared to the cost of building new stores with high land and building cost or the payment of goodwill premiums to acquire new RV dealerships . 
We plan to offer a full assortment of RV parts and accessories in all Gander locations by the end of this year . 
When we look at the investment which includes the purchase pricing , the original IP and the leases associated with them , the capital expenditures associated with it and whatever operating losses exist to ramp it up . 
Thank you for your continued interest and support of Camping World as we look to double the size of our business over the next five years . 
But what I can tell you is that as you can see the results for the second quarter in our primary RV units , we 're positive both overall and on a Same - store basis . 
Roger and his team did an excellent job of balancing promotional activities to maintain strong profitability while driving sales growth and dramatically lowering our RV inventory levels . 
Although the investment will be higher than anticipated this year due to our pacing of store openings and RV dealership integrations . 
At our existing a hundred and forty camping world stores that there 's an opportunity for growth over the next two years in that business as well . 
In the next five years , and so when I talk about aggressive , we 're saying we 're going to do everything in the next five years that we did in the first fifteen years . 
It does sound like a big leap , but when you start integrating RV sales and RV service and you start to get some tailwind behind . 
It 's difficult to do that with one brand like Camping World , but when you show up with five or six brands with a different presentation and a different marketing . 
Our company had a very solid second quarter in our RV business and the industry growth prospects are equally good . 
This lowered range is not reflective of any significant change in the profitability of our RV business . 
Much like we have over the last 15 years where we 've opened up stores , we have noticed that it takes 12 to 18 months to get to that level where we feel good about the returns . 
And we were able to rebound very nicely in the following two months that obviously made up for any trend that we were fearful of coming out of April . 
Right so , if for some reason one or two of them do n 't work out , we will not let that linger we do not have a pride of authorship , we will make amove if we have to pull that inventory back in and get out of that lease and so . 
And one of the requirements that Amazon has to be preferred , not just a reseller , is that you have to be able to ship within 24 hours and we 're making the technology and human capital adjustments . 
SJ will review business highlights and provide color on the operating environment Silvia will then review the company 's key financial results . 
Particularly with Cof , we are also encouraged . 
We encourage you to read the partnerships , earnings , release and documents on file with the SEC . 
These assets have performed extremely well during the year , with our overall occupancy rate remaining consistently high at 97 % , and the portfolio has continued to grow through contractual lease escalators and modifications . 
As a result of this venture , we do expect acquisition volume to increase materially later in 2017 and beyond . 
The sequential increase was primarily due to the recurrent transaction one organic drop - down acquisition in December . 
Or fixed through interest rate swaps as of December 31 in regards to our ATM programs , we did not have any activity during the fourth quarter . 
We posted another quarter strong year - over growth driven primarily by the multiple acquisitions we completed within the last 12 months and the organic growth from the assets in the portfolio . 
Higher volume activity at the sponsor is expected to drive meaningful growth opportunities for LMRK ; the acquisition market for our three segments remains very attractive . 
The common offering in October positioned us well as we entered into 2000 and 17 , but it will take a couple of quarters to fully deploy the capital . 
First of all , we believe the completion of the merger and the integration of the two companies , including the rationalization of the two separate networks , could potentially take years . 
So while the potential impact from the overlap of Ts mobile and sprint assets in our portfolio could be as high as perhaps amid - single digits percentage of LMRKs total revenue based on that simplistic analysis . 
On January 25 , the partnership announced its fourth quarter cash distribution . 
Which is defined as distributable cash flow divided by distributions declared on the weighted average common and subordinated units outstanding during the quarter was OH . 81 times in the fourth quarter . 
Being delayed in closing , I think there were some timing issues , but also is there some that might not close in that - to maybe our original thoughts of what 'sixteen might be . 
The REIT structure certainly would be a little bit easier for investors from a tax standpoint . 
As we have discussed with them now that we are a fully operating company now that we have been audited , we 've moved the number of employees from the original booking center of 35 employees to roughly 1300 today . 
We had thought that that day would be two years in the future , in fact due to the terrific work done by all the managers here we have accelerated that date of independence from high volatility to today . 
Yes , Sanjay , so first of all on the ABS market , the market is open and functioning very well since the start of the new year , there have been a number of transactions that have . 
They have a very high likelihood of doubling over the next three years or so , and so as we wrap up . 
And so what we 've tried to do is to make the events of July 2016 , when they occur to simply be the next turning page in regard to this type of analysis , which we 've been doing for two years now . 
These data show that our product with Aristada safety and tolerability profile does not require a trade - off in terms of antipsychotic efficacy , and we believe this will be important to physicians making treatment choices for their patients with schizophrenia . 
So that broadening of the states needs to occur for us to hit our plans , but I would say that no particular state expansion is included in our anticipated guidance for 2000 and 19 as we said . 
We see potential for vivitrol to become an increasingly utilized treatment option for patients . 
Including the impact of our recently expanded commercial team , important new data from the Alpine study and a recent national formulary addition . 
Related to the reimbursement of development expenses for diroximel fumarate as a reminder , the pdufa date for diroximel fumarate is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of this year . 
We look forward to publishing the data from the Alpine Study and presenting full study results , including interesting additional findings on prolactin sexual side effects , sedation , and other safety and tolerability measures at upcoming scientific meetings . 
Any sort of uptake in Aristada on the heels of the Alpine study results for this year . 
Starting with our commercial organization , we recently expanded our Aristada commercial field and hospital organization by approximately 60 sales reps . 
As you can see on slide 17 by the end of Enlighten - 2 , both groups had experienced clinically meaningful improvements in PANSS scores , with the patients considered to be mildly ill based on these scores . 
Should we expect an acceleration in vivitrol trends like , we saw a few years ago sort of kind of following up on the last comment as well . 
But this is really a new opportunity for us in the VA , but it is going to take some time because . 
A spend that 's going to be like an aristada like a vivitrol more or less just give us a sense of just . 
Our first quarter results are typically affected by seasonal trends related to inventory fluctuation and commercial insurance plan resets ; in particular this year we saw a significant impact in Aristada inventory during Q 1 Ill . 
We believe the progress being made in these areas will diversify Vivitrol 's growth : Vivitrol operates in a fragmented system where each state is unique in how it activates to address the opioid crisis . 
To put this into context , more than three weeks worth of total inventory was drawn down from the distribution channel during the quarter . 
Half of those were on boarded and trained in the fourth quarter of 2018 , while the other half joined the company during Q 1 , we expect to see an impact from these additions starting in the second quarter . 
On the perspectives we do see generally that there tends to be a seasonal pattern with the second and third quarters being quite strong for vivitrol , and those are patterns we expect through the course of the year , but we 'll continue to update you . 
And you never would have heard her talk like that even a year or two ago , so we - 9 jim and I always said on these calls , which . 
And this is amarket that we really have n 't had any - kilometre , we 've got a few hundred cartons in the VA so far for Aristada so . 
Like what should we think about in terms of the additional interest , Enb would have in that project . 
Please turn to slide 12 i also would like to provide an update on our Sandpiper project earlier this year we received written orders from the Minnesota Public Utility Commission . 
We 've been a little bit concerned about some weakness on that side of things coming into the end of 2000 and 15 , but the strength of . 
Together with the strong supply growth and pipeline takeaway constraints from Western Canada gives us confidence that we will be able to see high utilization of the partnership 's liquids pipeline systems please turn to slide 6 now . 
Please turn to slide 10 , the defensiveness and sustainability of our cash flows is further highlighted by the remaining term . 
Moving forward to our natural gas business , we expect a decline in overall system volumes through 2000 and 16 as our system outlook is affected by reduced drilling from producers in and around our assets . 
We always said Line 9 and Southern Access Extension would provide us with the strongest netbacks , so we 've been encouraged by . 
Which allowed us to terminate resellers in the Nordics and our uk - based team is continuing to deliver good results . 
We feel very good with that in the Americas and we 're also transitioning that model into EMEA with a heavier focus on new logos . 
Now moving to Slide 6 today , a number of major industry participants are deploying significant wireline networks across broad sections of the country . 
Now I will turn the call back to Steve thanks Drew moving to slide 13 within a growing economy , we experienced the effects of a strong industry environment and capitalized on our significant strengths . 
Going to slide 3 during this call , we will be referring to a slide presentation which can be found on our website 's investor centre main page relevant slides will be identified by number throughout our presentation . 
We are unable at this time to provide specific estimates as to the pace and impact of these improvements during fiscal 2022 nd , as many are aware on February 25 our fifth - largest customer filed a voluntary petition for reorganization . 
Going to slide 7 , we continued to experience the effects of a strong overall industry environment during the quarter with increases in demand from our top 5 customers . 
For a number of reasons we are modifying this approach for fiscal 2020 changes to plans or activity levels that occur after the beginning of the calendar year by individual customers . 
Partly offsetting the higher irrigation sales was a 4 % decrease in usage per residential customer as cooling and heating degree days were lower in the second quarter this year . 
Based on the midpoint of this guidance , we would expect to achieve our eleventh consecutive year of earnings growth . 
Align around what those growth numbers look like , but today in the near term those growth numbers are in excess of what 's been in our irp , and so we will just have to look at it and I would like to be able to give you . 
A complete replay will be available from the end of the day for a period of 12 months on the company 's website . 
I will close with a look at weather on slide 10 , we saw cooler than normal conditions during the second quarter , but the weather turned hot in July . 
I would also say that given the fact that we have the ADITC extension . 
And in addition to that , what 's happening in the region is going to be a consideration also , so there 's just a lot of variables that Id like to be able to tell you what it looks like today , but we 're not in a position to do that that that 's why we take two years to do this . 
Especially as we continue to grow our USA Today network to include more local markets and more new platforms . 
With Q 1 and some other projects we 've been working on to final run that through our numbers and . 
The judges said it best it would not be an overstatement to say that the pressure for reform from USA Today 's reporting has significantly reduced the possibility of a public health crisis . 
Our USA Today Network is an ideal partner to help expand this brand . 
These non - gaap company 's defined measures are being provided because management believes they are useful in analyzing the company 's operating performance and cash flow before the impact of various reorganization and other charges . 
To Tribune 's closing share price on April 22 and it provides certain value by eliminating the risks associated with Tribune continuing to operate . 
Last summer , we launched Gravity for Mobile , already the product is generating 7 - 9 $ several million of revenue and growing very rapidly . 
Prior to the launch , the ratings were approximately 40 % on legacy video players for the same article placement . 
During this conference call we may refer to adjusted Ebitda adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow . 
Sporting events and about 30 of our markets that open up a new revenue stream and we see amuch different client that gets engaged in that business as well . 
We expect amoderate increase in revenues at Hamilton Beach in 2016 compared with 15 provided consumer spending is at expected levels . 
The improvement in net income was primarily the result of centennial incurring a lower operating loss in the 2016 first quarter than it did in the prior year first quarter , partially offset by a decline in Hamilton Beach 's results . 
Reserve assets : But there 's no connection between those two numbers , the objective over time is to reduce the assets in a wise way that are . 
Right I understand , but as I look for the remaining three quarters is it going to be similar to this or it 's really just kind of . 
And this concludes today 's conference and as a reminder a replay for this conference will be available for seven days . 
We disclaim any obligation to update these forward - looking statements , which may not be updated until our next quarterly conference call if at all additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties was set forth in our earnings release and in our tenm . 
For the remainder of 2016 we look forward to continuing to execute on higher production and delivery rates . 
All three of our business segments have a strong outlook for new business in the second quarter , as well as for the second - kilometre or the remainder of the year . 
About five are expected to be addressable by our product line . 
Okay thank you Carmen and thank all of you who have joined us this morning as we report the financial results for the first quarter of 2016 please note that this morning 's press release . 
In relation to the results for the comparable period , last year reconciliations of the adjusted financial results to comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release . 
The group also supported three successful Trident II D - 5 fleet ballistic missile test flights that are powered by our solid rocket motors and two United Launch Alliance space launches that used our propulsion and structures . 
In the Space Systems Group we launched and birth the Cygnus spacecraft on our Oa - 6 cargo mission to the space station in March , just weeks after the previous Cygnus completed the Oa - 4 flight that began last December . 
Which we expect to accelerate even more throughout the balance of 2000 and 16 with that recap : We 're now ready to open the call . 
Even so , two of our three reporting segments generated substantial increases in operating margins in part due to cost synergies achieved . 
The results of the sporting business are reported as discontinued operations in our GAAP results . 
Compared to the first quarter of 2000 and 15 , as mentioned above , the decrease in operating income was largely due to lower revenues and unfavorable product mix in the Armament Systems division as compared to last year 's period . 
As we begin 2016 , our focus is on continued operational excellence and providing great service to our customers who count on us for their important programs . 
Okay , and if you do n 't get it - kilometre , I mean is there a point at which in the year where if we do n 't get one or two bookings , then it becomes an issue for the guide like at what point do you start to worry about the range . 
And manufacturing teams and facilities , and so as we go from two or three launches a year to five or six launches a year , there 's a lot of operating leverage . 
Furthermore , a complete disclosure of our GAAP financial results will be available in our first quarter form 10 - Q . 
For instance , in our Defense Systems Group early this year we initiated a 3 - year research and development program to develop and field advanced . 
If things proceed as planned , the first of an eventual fleet of up to five of these geosynchronous orbit servicing vehicles will commence operations . 
Well in the first quarter , the margins in those two segments were up nicely compared to last year and were both a bit ahead of . 
We have historically done very well with MSSP segment of that business as well as the infrastructure and we saw deals in both parts of that business in the quarter . 
We 're outgrowing our Sunnyvale office space and are constructing the second building adjacent to our existing building , which we expect to occupy in the second half of 2020 , including spending on this project . 
As our strong revenue growth illustrates the partial us , federal government shutdown as well as concerns raised by Brexit and the slowing Chinese economy had no noticeable impact on our fourth quarter performance . 
That included a customer acquiring over 20 High - end fortigate products along with a range of other products and services . 
The combination of security and SDs WAN functionality into a single form factor drove this competitor displacement . 
Secure switches are sold together with fortigates and related services and represented 2 % of total fourth quarter billings . 
But we 'll have to wait and see what FERC determines once they get a full commission right now ; they 're down to two commissioners as you know , so they do n 't even have a quorum so whenever that occurs . 
Connecticut in 2015 and you actually pick those up the following year when you file the returns for those years . 
Focused not only on the electric side of the business where you know there 's a lot of investment needed to modernize the grid , upgrade the grid to allow for new forms of generation and demand response like we 're seeing in the Rev proceeding in New York . 
You 're probably aware that in New York is a part of Rev , the Commission is giving utilities and opportunity to earn up to a hundred basis points of incentives . 
We continue to progress a project we call Connect New York , this is an underground dc line essentially from Utica through the congestion points . 
You need a good foundation and I think we 've done that in 2016 with the rate cases that we completed so we 're in good shape there # 2 . 
And we 're also assuming a federal tax rate of 35 % so wherever that may end up . 
For meeting various targets within the overall rev initiative , we made a filing in December . 
We have n 't built a lot into the plan , Ill tell you right now we just have 50 MW , I think Jim already mentioned that 50 MW in this - the numbers to date , but it 's an area where we can do quite a bit more . 
Is - is - like 14 interconnects into it and we have other storage facilities , but we 're going to be looking at strategically what do we want to do with this business over the next few months and we 'll get back to you on what we intend to do . 
Lower tax rate and you lose the interest deduction and then the capital expenditures fully deducted : We 'd still be at 8 % to 10 % growth now do we have a backlog , yes we probably have I think we saw in the presentation . 
Today 's presentations also include references to non - gaap financial measures you should refer to the information contained in the slides accompanying today 's presentations for definitional information and reconciliations of non 's gaap financial measures . 
We had some governance improvements , we actually added two new independent directors , and we were a finalist in the New York Stock Exchange Governance Award , so all in all our governance has been improved fairly well . 
And keep in mind also have the ability to build another gigawatt under the safe harbour and 300 MW that we can then repower that again are n 't even in our forecast at this point . 
We believe we 're going to get it , they want it for the rev process , and then the distribution improvement program , which is the grid modernization , so those are the two that are in the highly likely category . 
We have our base adjusted net income 50 % of the growth is coming from secured CAPEX networks investments , so these are the ones that have already been approved by regulators . 
And then lastly , and this is an area that we made good progress on in 2000 and 16 , and much work to be done going forward and that 's our focus on continuous improvement . 
But our regulators as well as communities believe it or not who view this as an opportunity for economic development we created over 3000 jobs . 
That our natural strengths are ready to go if this market does evolve as we hope it does , so I guess just to finish on a strong note that beyond 2020 there is . 
We would still have very strong ratings given where we 're starting from , we think that 's one of the things that differentiates us from some of the others in the industry and when you 're coming from a 24 % or 2 , 5 % net debt . 
Looking at our three - year rate cases in both New York and then also in Connecticut , so we have the assurance of getting three years worth of rate increases and stability , and also our capital spending for that matter in both those jurisdictions . 
We have the implementation of a safe harbor strategy where we have enough invested that we can secure up to 2 GW of wind and repowering up to 350 MW , and we 'll talk about what 's actually in our long 's term plan when we get to that portion of it . 
Every best practice we can bring into the business from what Iberdrola has rolled wide and anything else we can find that 's going on in the industry . 
And would not likely have much of an impact through 2020 , and there 's always other transmission projects that we 're looking at , but we 've not included them in the plan . 
Then the projects that Transco has in the AC proceeding would be up next A . 
Technical expertise and a track record of drilling horizontal wells to the new company KLR Energy was a stack as a special purpose acquisition company . 
We picked up our first development rig in February and increased that to two rigs by April plus we added a dedicated FRAC crew that began work in July . 
The well has only been flowing for about two weeks , and it 's still in the cleanup process we 're excited with the results and believe it demonstrates favorable economics for the second bone spring sand on our acreage . 
And we expect our exit rate for the year to jump to around 10000 boes per day . 
Will review recent key items and operational results from the second quarter of 17 : I will then provide amore in - depth financial review , and we will then take your questions before turning back to Alan with some brief closing comments . 
Building companies and maximizing shareholder value , Klre was looking to invest in a unique opportunity with long - term growth potential and the ability to grow organically and through acquisitions . 
But offset operators are testing down - spacing with encouraging early results that could add approximately 80 locations . 
Production declined slightly from the first quarter as we only brought one well online in the first half of 2017 and ended the quarter with 11 ducs as Alan mentioned : We have a dedicated FRAC spread . 
After the quarter and through August 9 we have added additional swaps for the remainder of 17 and for the full year of 18 , and we will continue to opportunistically add hedges in future . 
Production for these properties is approximately 15 million cubic feet equivalent per day and will include all developed and undeveloped acreage . 
Work began in September and is expected to continue into 2019 in summary : I am confident that continued success on our divestment program enhanced focus on operated developments . 
The eight transactions that we have closed since June , one are strong evidence of our improved ability to execute and our commitment to the strategic objective of high - grading the portfolio . 
For the remainder of 2018 we expect to participate only in vertical wells . 
With first production expected early in the second quarter of 2019 , also in the Arkoma Basin , we continue to work on deepening our technical understanding of the basin geology and maturing our drilling inventory . 
This resulted in Loe coming in above our guidance range going forward into the fourth quarter we expect lease operating expense . 
Ultimately , Hedges roll off and we expect the company 's cash flows over the next two years to significantly improve as a result . 
Now let me quickly turn to an update on our outlook for 2018 , we have revised our fourth quarter guidance for 2018 to incorporate the changes in drilling programs from our partners and other expected performance . 
Production is more than 7 million cubic feet equivalent per day , and the sales will include developed and undeveloped acreage ; the first package is expected to contain our developed and undeveloped interests in Dewey County , Oklahoma . 
Advancing these efforts position us to execute and operate a program in late 2019 or early 2020 , we remain excited about the potential of our large acreage position . 
As we look to bring more operated capital into our 2019 budget , we are working to accelerate additional identified recompletions and infill drilling locations . 
Another area that has seen recent weakness is our elk basin oil ; Western Canadian select prices have recently been impacted by the pressure on us heavy sour prices . 
As a company we believe hedges are an important instrument to decreasing volatility in cash flows , but should be entered into ratably over time for a percentage of PdP that you were not timing the market . 
And we are evaluating the Woodford and other formations in this emerging Arkoma stack play . 
Not only to an increase in NYMEX pricing , but also the improvement in regional basis differentials during the quarter . 
But quarterly comparisons have trended positively as the year has progressed choicelease revenue increased by 4 % due to fleet growth and higher prices on replacement vehicles . 
But down sequentially 11 % to lower - 10 due to lower activity with several current accounts . 
Finally , I want to highlight one item as we look ahead into 2018 in used vehicles , there are several components that play into overall results in this area . 
Growing the rental fleet into 'eighteen or would you just hold it at these levels and try and benefit from the utilization and the pricing in the market ? 
Supply chain 's earnings this quarter were also negatively impacted by higher planned it and sales expense as we had expected coming into the quarter . 
Below the prior forecast of 7000 vehicles , this better positions the used vehicle inventory going into next year as it will allow us to reduce the use of wholesaling and benefit pricing . 
New trucks at the beginning of next year , which will start helping the results in the first half of 2018 longer term when you look at the insurance headwinds that we 've been talking about . 
Id like to remind you that during this presentation you 'll hear some forward - looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , these statements are based on management 's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances . 
We expect the full year return on capital spread to be negative 20 basis points Ill turn now to page 7 and discuss some key trends that we saw in the business segments during the quarter . 
In used vehicle sales , the pricing environment appears to be stabilizing , although some risk remains due to the elevated level of class VIII inventory in the market and other factors . 
In supply chain we expect fourth quarter results to be below our prior expectations due to ongoing impact from the two accounts I mentioned earlier , although to a lesser extent than we saw in the third quarter . 
We were able to reduce inventory to just below the midpoint of our target range of 6 oh oh oh to 8000 vehicles 1 / 4 earlier than expected . 
The percentage of used vehicles sold through the retail channel of 62 % remained below historical levels as we moved inventory within our target range . 
Okay good and maybe just the last one , as you think about what that could mean for 2018 , how do you think about additions or what you would do with the rental fleet , I know that it 's moved around a lot in the past couple of years ? 
For the realization being negative , one point and what do you anticipate the difference between volume and revenue to be as you look out over the next couple of quarters ? 
We have available capacity within Q 2 and we could have chosen to produce those orders . 
Some of those products could be 4 x to 5 times more expensive than our base baked on coating , and it is mostly the Middle East areas that can afford that type of a glass window . 
For the full year we expect constant currency sales for this segment will be relatively flat and that the segment 's annual gross profit margin will improve by 50 to 100 basis points . 
And we have a very nice technical acumen in that area , and that 's where some of our growth is coming from as well , so those are the three areas that we like we 've positioned ourselves as the gos to for those type of applications . 
Next , two new frit production lines in Al Salomi in Egypt were brought up to operational levels during the quarter , which will increase our capacity to meet increased demand in Egypt and Turkey . 
Our performance reflects the benefits of our disciplined approach to executing on our priorities and positions us well for the remainder of 2016 and beyond . 
We expect sales to normalise over the balance of the year , though we do not expect the sales - kilometre lower sales achieved in Q 1 will be made up over the course of the year . 
So to sum up we are off to a very good start for 2016 our global team produced strong results . 
April 21 : We are in receipt of those letters and are aware of the contemporaneous rumors that are in the marketplace . 
There are three situations that occurred during the first quarter of last year that were a bit different from this quarter . 
1 What we said is that CICP is one of the highest profile where margin - minute inorganic pigments in the pigments space . 
So that 's what we 've been doing over the past two years in terms of seeding the future and the customers that we 've picked . 
There 's some spare capacity in the pressure pumping market and we 're receiving a little bit of incremental pricing discount to accommodate this Q 4 activity . 
We have been focused on reducing our second lien exposure at suns and cycling out of these investments at attractive prices . 
Which resulted in an IRR on our investment of over 11 % as we look forward , we are confident that through our multiple origination engines . 
This reflects the lower operating performance of these plants consistent with the industry this year versus last year , and the fact we discontinued recognizing equity income on the Patriot plant at May 31 upon the close of that sale . 
Rex American Resources assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward - looking statements . 
We have no interest expense in the current year , as a result of paying off the debt of the consolidated plants during fiscal 2000 and 14 our tax rate for the quarter was lower than normal , reflecting several items . 
Can we see the impact of those initiatives is that something that we 'll begin to see in Q 2 or is that going to take a little bit longer to play out ? 
Does that - minute can that break 60 % by the end of the year or is that going to take a little bit longer to get there ? 
Our acquisition strategy has been very disciplined over the past several years with five or six previous deals , and we intend to remain very disciplined in the future as we address . 
In 2018 , with the globalization of content and the worldwide recognition of our brand and products , we are seeing significant demand for our products around the world . 
We can develop and begin preselling new products in amatter of hours and can ship from our factories in as little as 70 days . 
Through the launch of our direct distribution model in Europe we have unlocked demand and have significantly grown our business across EMEA we believe further investments this year in key areas such as sales . 
Effectively permits you to be amuch long - bigger brand whether it 's 8 over time or even greater is that how we should think about it as incremental space and just better . 
And remain excited about the continued growth opportunities in our us business as we have discussed our business is very diverse . 
So we feel like we 're set up extremely well for the rest of Eighteen and Beyond and - Investing , but with that being said we know there 's room for growth and to get better and we 're investing in people and we 're investing in systems . 
But what we see is that still the aftermarket business on half yearly basis , the number I calculated was has seen an 18 % growth . 
So we thought it is better , our relationship will continue and it 's a very small investment which we are selling to JMA so that they become a hundred percent owners . 
And to identify partners who most closely share our vision for these opportunities given the long IP life . 
Grow the market really from otc into linzess and also how do we continue to raise the bar with regards to the clinical performance of our drug ? 
Either the sales or the prescriptions for the two products individually for the fourth quarter . 
Sort of towards the end of last year and that really just supported our plans to move forward in these two indications . 
So Japan historically has been a very strong market as far as GI diseases , and I think we 're realizing that so I think - 2 and we 're seeing real revenue come back from that market . 
But what we firmly believe is that in 2018 that we will see amodest price increase in the net basis . 
Part of that 's going to be the expansion of the DTC effort this year , I think the other piece as I look forward is being able to activate more patients . 
Three approximately 50 % of current outsourcing contracts coming up for renewal in the next 24 months are at risk of not being renewed with the incumbent service or technology provider . 
So our investments are focused primarily in two areas : one is digital and the second is all things recurring if you will . 
Okay so this is Mike let me just close by saying thank you to all of our 1300 professionals around the world , I think it 's your ability to help our clients achieve operational excellence and . 
Turning to a few of our notable client wins in the Americas , amajor entertainment company has selected ISG for organizational change management in a digitally evolving enterprise . 
And we have reaffirmed our full year guidance for revenues and adjusted Ebitda as always we are focused on creating shareholder value for the long term and are steadfast in our mission to deliver operational excellence to our clients . 
We remain on track for what we believe will be another record year for ISG , with that let me turn the call over to David Berger who will summarize our financial results . 
Was an encouraging pickup in volume in the fourth quarter , reflecting the benefits of connected 4 growth . 
It is a good example of how successful local innovations can be picked up and rolled out globally , in fact these innovations like CIF are now in 15 markets or more . 
Now looking ahead , commodity cost increases will remain relatively low in the first half of 2000 and 18 , but we do expect the level of commodity cost increases to rise again in the second half of this year . 
We also did five new brand introductions and we did the landmark disposal of our spreads business following the carve - out over the last few years . 
Now all these are clear examples that the new Connected 4 Growth organization with the country category business teams . 
There will be a short - term dilution to our underlying operating margin and EPs starting from the point of completion , which is expected to be in the middle of the year . 
The changes we are making will help us adapt to meet the challenges and opportunities of a changing world , and we 're confident that we will deliver on the targets we have set out in our 2020 plan . 
But I also want to tell you that we do n 't live by these 90 - day cycles and you really need to get off that . 
And we also think once more that having 60 % of our business there and obviously these very strong positions that we are very well placed to capitalize on that . 
Now connected , four growth brings on the one hand more resilience to continue to perform competitively despite the challenges and you 've seen us do that again once more . 
Led to another year where our share of spend and share of market was comfortably above a hundred , this step - up in margin shows that we are reaping the benefits of investments made over the past few years . 
Consumer demand measured in volume grew by less than 1 % , even allowing for growth in new channels , which are not picked up in most of the market data . 
Our acquisitions in personal care contributed increasingly to USG through the year as we started to anniversary them . 
Even allowing for this , there was an encouraging pickup in momentum by the fourth quarter : We were seeing the fruits of our new connected four growth organization with amuch more agile approach to innovation . 
To put it simply , we used to make too many pieces of traditional tv advertising and we used to take them off - air before they reach their full effectiveness . 
So whilst the quarter three might have been a little softer quarter , four is a little better , we look at it at a little bit longer time frame than you sometimes do so what we 've seen in the last quarter , and we do n 't even have the shares yet because they come in with a . 
And you know that when you look at the overall period of construction of the ships and how the working capital evolves , there are periods where you have cash consumption in working capital , so those are the two reasons . 
With some it enhancements we are able to customize our student orientation and outreach support based on the degree level and prior college experience , making it more effective and specific . 
Before I Go Into the segment details , Let Me Quickly review two of the adjusting items for the fourth quarter . 
This was the highest quarterly result in seven years and was primarily driven by growth within our university operations and lower teacher - out obligations . 
Also please note that on April 11 our management team will be hosting an investor day in New York City , institutional investors and analysts are encouraged to attend . 
Up until this quarter we had achieved nine consecutive quarters of revenue growth in our domestic drilling operations . 
For definitions and reconciliations of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures . 
Our economic net income growth was also notable , reflecting not just FRE growth , but also strong fund investment performance across our primary strategies . 
While the vast majority of our growth is organic , we do have a strong track record of acquisitions over the last five years we 've added to our real estate platform primarily through the acquisition of area property partners . 
The nature of k - 1 s also results in the possibility that certain unitholders may have to file state tax returns in multiple states . 
That rolls off in the third quarter of 2000 and 19 , and so there will be a step function change . 
The fourth quarter of 2017 concluded : Another strong year for Ares , we generated our highest quarterly levels of management fees . 
As an example and looking at our fundraising pipeline going into 2000 and 18 , we 've launched larger successor funds in our European direct lending strategy and our European real estate private equity strategy . 
In addition , we 've developed a significant private fund business where we market our us direct lending products directly to institutional investors , a distribution channel that was n 't meaningful to us five years ago if . 
And while we 've been public for less than four years , we 've witnessed the evolution of this model for public shareholders since the first firms in our industry began going public over ten years ago . 
Including the requirement to send out schedule k - 1 s , we expect that this alone will result in annual savings to our company and make owning our shares a little less burdensome . 
We have adopted a dividend policy effective March 1 that we believe achieves the following . 
Is by using ENI as a framework for how to think about value there 's a lot of variability in what the actual shareholder experience is . 
Id re - ask you the question that with volatile tax rates we do n 't see Cs - corps going through an exercise of wondering if they should convert back to partnerships and I think that . 
Most of the businesses that are of a certain size and quality today probably launched sometime in the late 80 s or early 90 s and just . 
This morning we also announced that we 've submitted an election to the IRs to be treated as a corporation . 
But believe that meaningful opportunities still lie ahead of us over the last five years . 
We have two large successor funds in the market and we have a platform that has considerable opportunity for further scaling . 
We do believe that some of the existing frameworks and conventions that are being used in both traditional c - corpmanagers and alternatives are . 
Net of those , so I would expect us probably to be showing something around 20 % going forward with this change , we are going to have very transparent current income tax . 
I think the most noteworthy is being a public partnership and all these k - 1 s was n 't the most inexpensive exercise in the world . 
This was of particular importance following the rice acquisition , as we have the opportunity to significantly lengthen many wells even though those wells had already been spud by EQT or rice . 
We believe the most likely paths the state might take are to negotiate a contract with HMS as the remaining bidder or to cancel the procurement and initiate a new process . 
Which accounts for the uncertainty of the audit volume and additional capital that will be needed to carry CMS receivables for periods considerably longer than currently required . 
We currently expect first half commercial revenue to be consistent with our full year growth projection in the range of 18 % - 20 % , but also anticipate that incremental growth will be heavily concentrated in the second half of this year . 
Though we expect only limited revenue impact in 2000 and 16 , as implementations of new sales will not be completed until the second half of this year . 
Appetite to work more with HMS is that coming from an aggregation of accounts to a single vendor is it looking at new areas for cost control or is it really turning over work that ? 
They 'll ask us to look at that , so it 's really - to 's a little bit of a two - way street , a lot of our opportunities come from client 's driven needs that they 're talking to our account management and sales team about all the time . 
Thank you thank you for attending our call today , I want to thank our customers , our employees and our investors as HMS continues to focus on containing healthcare costs in our nation . 
Finally , we may refer to certain non - gaapmeasures during the call and our earnings release and investor presentation . 
Individual provider error rates would have to be more than 50 % to get above the old 2 % limit . 
We have continued to work with CMS in the face of these challenges because we still believe RAC auditing is the best way to curb waste and abuse in the Medicare program and to preserve the trust funds for future generations . 
Is that due to customers buying multiple services within COB and program integrity or is it due to new relationships or existing relationships starting off with a bigger set of membership ? 
Small to medium and potentially large may not be hitrust certified , and that is the gold standard for the health insurance industry , so that 's one of the factors where we see consolidation also potentially . 
Massachusetts and Ohio are the only two of our top ten states by revenue scheduled to put their TPL business out to bid this year compared to five of the top ten last year . 
As I mentioned at the outset , three aspects of our quarterly health plan performance give us confidence that we can achieve our full year revenue goal . 
And new customer sales covering approximately 1 . 6 million lives will also impact revenue toward the end of this year . 
The process can be delayed when data requirements for customers adding new HMS products is greater than they initially anticipated . 
The sequential decline in the first quarter state government revenue was expected until we have a final resolution of the New Jersey TPL contract . 
Remember also that pi revenue can fluctuate from quarter - to - quarter , which can impact either to the upside or downside what we would normally view as a quarterly run rate . 
From an audit and security perspective on the security of their data , I think we 've talked about - 10 I think at any given point we have 5 - 6 clients . 
The states currently scheduled to release TPL contracts this year accounted for less than 12 % of our prior - year state revenue . 
Projected to run out of money by the year 2030 , we continue to believe CMS should be more aggressively leveraging the capabilities of RACs to address systemic errors . 
We will continue to exclude New Jersey from our full - year projection , though we now expect the second quarter to include three months of New Jersey revenue . 
We have an internal innovation team which is looking at a variety of new product opportunities , one or two of which could be ready to go to market by the end of this year . 
Beyond the end of July , until new contracts are set up or should we just still continue to expect the RAC revenue to fall off at the end of July . 
But part of being back to normal is to take the time to introduce our new CFO who . 
And we believe that the market will continue to be supported in Q 2 , so if what Ive just said confirms itself , then you guys will rightly beat me up at when we have the same call in Q 2 to say that we were conservative on . 
Where it came from if it was , I do n 't know all us or only Asia if there was some sort of there , that was the first question and the second one . 
So all of that was contained in the last week and essentially most of it was contained in the first three days of the week . 
Well , we have a structure in place that we validated with OFAC that they . 
Unless they had the approval from OFAC to do so , so just getting the shares transferred from that international bank into another account even within that same international bank . 
And what was in our discussions with Ofac and hopefully have convinced you that we have anticipated ? 
Fully signed by Sunday Night Fully Binding , we applied for a sanction a relief for license to operate essentially from OFAC on Sunday night . 
If you take a week of our us business , it 's 15 million of orders now even if you say that we were stopped for the full week and we lost 15 million of orders which has not happened , we were not stopped for the full week we did not lose 15 million of orders . 
Impact : Sulzer 's situation does not impact the deal that we have in place and does not impact the license to operate that we have from OFAC , so we 've been cleared . 
The other question you may have is on what are we going to do with the 5 million shares : We 're not in the business of owning our own shares , this is not what we aim to do long - term . 
We could have offered to buy more shares and the balance that we came to 5 million shares was what Renova was willing to do at this point . 
We 've got some good Q 1 results to discuss with you and we will explain to you the transaction that we went through last week the consequences . 
And had some active discussions with them in the early part of the week , and essentially by Wednesday end of business day us time , OFAC had approved the transaction that allowed us to transfer the shares . 
I do n 't anticipate that we 'll have to because there is a very - 10 there 's a lot of clarity from Ofac that the 50 % of capital is the rule that they apply . 
But we have no hurry - Incorporated , there 's no timeline , there 's no commitment to anybody in terms of doing anything under any type of timeline to OFAC or to anybody else . 
We have these licenses from OFAC that we 're fully in the clear OFAC has been very supportive in terms of getting the news out there ; they circulated the information directly themselves to some of the banks . 
And profitability 2000 and 15 was a year of outstanding execution and of setting the stage for the future with some exciting growth initiatives . 
We successfully launched a full suite of aero products in our Wabash Composites business that now creates the broadest OEM product offering available . 
Further , our Wabash Composites business contributed nicely as we saw both revenues and margins rise significantly from those in the fourth quarter of 2000 and 14 that said it 's important to make clear that while the . 
During 2000 and 16 , Excessive Trailer Age remains a challenge for fleets and provides further support to forecast and expectations for strong new trailer demand . 
The EPA and NHTSA are currently evaluating the comments from various stakeholders and we expect to see a final version of the regulation sometime in April or May . 
At this point we would expect that there will continue to be attempts made to increase twin trailer length to 33 foot . 
For DPG we need to accelerate our initiatives to grow aluminum tank market share . 
Pull back on their Class 8 tractor investments this year , but they are not saying that about their trailer needs . 
Of their latest growth initiative with a new line of truck body products as we expand into supplying to medium - duty Class 5 through 7 market . 
And achieved the top line objective we have set for ourselves just two years ago . 
And is expected to last throughout the remainder of 2000 and 16 , this project creates a logistics challenge that will limit our effective build capacity for the year by upwards of 3000 units . 
Capacity addition to the industry of anywhere between 30000 units to as high some estimates claiming 50000 I think that the number will be . 
I commented in my formal comments that there remains more trailers in the system that are exceed 15 years old . 
These results clearly validate our long - term strategic plan first established in 2007 and demonstrate the progress we continue to make in executing that plan to profitably grow and diversify the business . 
The DPG group is expecting some softness in certain product segments that I will address shortly and we now expect the first half of the year . 
Of LTL trailers , specially designed truck bodies and other product lines that specifically benefit from increasing demand in final mile and home delivery shipping trends . 
And key indicators within the trucking industry are not as strong , as they were in 2000 and 14 we still see some very positive signals that provide a level of confidence . 
As a result , fewer trailers on the road are less than 15 years old than there were back in 2000 and 7 before the last recession . 
By December 2000 and 17 we believe this ruling will ultimately drive demand for new equipment as carriers attempt to comply with these new regulations . 
And continue the string of strong quarterly results in CTP while new records were established opportunity remains and we strive to break those records . 
The ASP change was attributed to customer and product mix , including a smaller percentage . 
On a non - gaap adjusted basis after adjusting for expenses related to the impairment of intangibles . 
Is clearly going to provide some level of offset to what may be happening in the Class 8 space . 
So they 're still playing cat - up , so they have been placing orders , so it 's a higher percentage than what we would have expected if we were to go back two three years ago when we would have thought that . 
While facing demand headwinds in several key markets , 2000 and 15 also saw our retail segment continue their growth of on - site customer support , mobile service and tank parts and service . 
Of billed volume on average , however , some areas of business can report backlogs in excess of 10 months with other areas of our business at much lighter backlog levels . 
For that group to be weaker , both top and bottom line than the second half of 2000 and 16 , much like what we saw . 
Our results truly highlight the high level of execution we have demonstrated over the past several years , but especially during the last five quarters as well as the progress we 've made to grow and diversify the company . 
And where we 're going with the business two or three years ago , we certainly were n 't generating the kind of performance in the business that would end up generating the kind of cash that we have to work with today . 
The share buyback program that we did in the first two months of third quarter until we stopped it in connection with the announcement of the ABB transaction . 
On top of this agreement of acquiring the ABB business , we have also entered into a cooperation agreement with the . 
After the decline expected in second half 'fifteen and beginning of 'sixteen , we have seen improvement the last couple of quarters as a result of good project execution . 
I hope and believe that this will create a change in the Americas , but it 's too early to say , and it 's too early to say Hurray for the one quarter . 
Where we expect to be back March 1 with the annual report for fy '16 , so thank you all for listening in . 
In the advisory products we expect these funds to be available early in the second quarter and to be available in the existing map program immediately . 
And map navigator thereafter when it becomes available . 
We expected the inclusion of index products in MAP will further enhance adviser and client satisfaction with the program . 
If you could box it in of do you still have aum in those channels ? 
With respect to the DOL fiduciary rule , we have completed the evaluation of our business model and are implementing changes as needed in order to comply with the new regulations . 
Two important program structure changes to map navigator have occurred since our last call . 
For those that do migrate to the other map programs , we would expect that the adoption of map navigator with its expanded choices would be higher than that for map direct . 
And what percentage of sales maybe in the last two or three years those channels might have represented ? 
The targeted return bond funds the latter of those two , which we think sort of has a corner office adviser appeal is still finding its way onto platforms as I think we 've talked about in the past . 
And that really is one of the things that gave rise to as we discussed having third - party support for the creation of our map navigator product and ongoing screening thereafter , and I would say those are the . 
And the attractiveness of map itself we think is enhanced by the addition of the index products and then once it leaves and that percentage which goes to navigator how much migrates to nonproprietary product . 
Actually is when those shares vest throughout 2017 , but again some of those shares were granted at much higher prices , so the benefits that went through the income statement . 
First , we are working to create subadvised index funds for inclusion in our map advisory programs . 
We 're also creating a third map program , which we 'll call map direct . 
And goes into this amalgam of map and direct , and most of it goes into map under that aggressive case and then you say . 
And again our base case would be 30 and 30 , and you can toggle up and down from there . 
So with clarity looming now on DOL regulations and also continued consolidation expected given the scale comments . 
That you 're really looking at your cash generation as opposed to Gaap earnings , so is it fair to say that your cash generation ? 
Which is viewed as a new computing platform and that HiMAX remains a critical partner to the customer in its AR efforts . 
With little competition in sight , we are currently working with over 30 customers of various current and future generation AR devices . 
Looking back over 2000 and 16 , Im pleased with the significant accomplishments that we achieved through the hard work and dedication of our employees . 
Related to the ongoing client conversion activities and higher operating cost as IFDS expands its infrastructure to address increasing regulatory compliance and security needs . 
For the future of DST and we 're confident , we have the right strategy in place and the right team executing to deliver on our objectives . 
Still , the right trajectory for it to slowly ramp up to about 50 basis points by the fourth quarter or so . 
Our it transformation effort to position the company to take advantage of new and emerging technologies is just getting underway . 
Was sold just a few days after the call , but it was included in the 10 - Q so that did happen in the fourth quarter . 
An April one implementation , and so something that we 're watching closely , it 's not something that I would tell you today I call a trend , but . 
The highly regulated environment in which we and our clients operate drove significant changes to our core it systems . 
This effort , coupled with other regulatory changes , have put pressure on IFDS , which will require continued focus and effort . 
As we discussed at length last quarter , we are operating in a challenging environment and Im encouraged that DST continues to deliver strong and stable results in the face of these dynamics . 
During 2000 and 16 we 've focused on the successful implementation of significant new clients and the renewals of other key clients within our financial services segment . 
Which we successfully implemented during 2000 and 16 we are closely monitoring the regulatory environment as our government transitions to new leadership . 
And it seems that the investment you 're making in price can be promotion shelf , pricing more dollars in PC Plus . 
And it seems like that segment of the market has become more challenged through 2016 , so how do you balance return on those investments ? 
Yes So Pc Plus continues to be a growing and important part of how we make margin investments to drive targeted sales in the consumer . 
Whether as a result of new information , future events or otherwise other than what is required by law , certain non - GAAP financial measures may be discussed or referred to today . 
One of the strongest formats in terms of adopting PC Plus is actually our superstore format which is . 
Before we begin today 's call , I want to remind you that the discussion will include forward - looking statements such as the company 's beliefs and expectations regarding certain aspects of the financial performance in 2016 and future years . 
We also continued to return capital to shareholders , buying back approximately two million shares in the third quarter . 
Our wholesale partners were thrilled to see that we have recaptured the brand DNA that had made us so successful in years past and we were pleased to see that the very emotional connection that our partners had towards the brand has been restored . 
We eliminated the nearly four - week tiered promotional event that we had last year in our stores and online during Q 1 as these types of promotions train the customer to wait for sales and handcuff our wholesale partners . 
Now turning to a review of our outlook for fiscal year 2000 and 16 , which we introduced in our press release on March 7 other than the Impact ! 
Of our current rights offering on diluted EPs , there is no change to the guidance we presented . 
Were moved forward into the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000 and 14 from the first quarter of fiscal 2000 and 15 the cadence of spring shipments this year . 
Discussions of these non - gaapmeasures and reconciliations of them to their most comparable gaapmeasures . 
As we look at 2016 , we expect that the business will remain challenged throughout much of the year : We 're working through our spring product and looking forward to debuting our fall collection from our new team . 
Had a reverse back to the first quarter of fiscal 2000 and 16 from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000 and 15 in addition , the reduction of shipments in the pre - fall line collection is expected to impact our second quarter sales . 
In addition , we have added a new artistic director overseeing all categories along with new leads in both product development and production , all three of them previously worked with Rea and Christopher to build Vince . 
We were also reworking a small selection of stores to ensure that they reflect the Go - Forward DNA of the brand and serve as a road map for all locations . 
Up from about 50 when we acquired it less than two years ago , Marseille is an excellent example of how our communities of interest develop . 
Germany and the Netherlands were solid contributors to Big Four results this quarter , and France delivered solid installations at the end of the quarter . 
Until a couple of quarters ago , the bulk of the demand came from the top two providers and we only saw sporadic orders from the other vendors . 
We 're also seeing a spread of deployment across a large number of providers as the tier two players step up their expansion plans into Europe . 
And some are a little further than that where the platforms already there and so we have not committed to as much building - out , so as an example Frankfurt 11 we did not indicate what level of building . 
Please turn to slide 7 , we continue to expand to meet the demand that we see . 
Id like to start by discussing the group 's third quarter results and then provide some more commentary on our two geographic reporting segments : Ill follow that with some color on cash flows , the balance sheet , and as usual finish with a few comments on returns . 
Remember this growth is both revenue and adjusted Ebitda , and this is all organic . 
But we are bullish on our ability to sell integrated bundles with Directv ; we are also excited about the business opportunities associated with the potential Time Warner acquisition . 
Let 's revisit the four pillars of our transformation strategy we presented to you in April of 2016 as seen on slide 3 of the supplemental presentation starting with physical gaming . 
This attachment rate is nearly double that of the rest of the industry , and it also means that we are 50 % more profitable than the rest of the industry for each switch unit that we sell . 
While much of the growth comes from new gaming and entertainment IP , approximately 60 % of the revenue annually comes from IP that has been relevant for more than 30 years . 
What the supply of the switch is going to be and Id say those two factors kept us with the same guidance . 
As we discussed in March , we had a tax benefit in Q 1 from the planning work we did last year . 
While our Q 1 results exceeded our plan , Red Dead Redemption 2 moving out of our fiscal year . 
I also think that E 3 for those of you that will go to E 3 , you 'll see some excitement around some of the games that we have that will help to . 
This year next year and maybe over the next five years if you can kind of give us a sense for that . 
Now Ill move on to second quarter commentary : Hardware in Q 2 will be driven by the allocation of and demand for switch . 
With IP launches occurring on a near - weekly basis , we are finding that collectibles provides us a consistent revenue stream and traffic driver . 
One example of how we are succeeding is that we had 93 % growth in our global omnichannel revenues . 
Digital gaming continued to be a solid segment , although slower growth in some of our publishers , the Kongregate segment provided some growth in the quarter and we expect strength in our DLC segment in conjunction with new software launches throughout the year . 
We received a lot of press coverage in March when we discussed our plans to close 2 % to 3 % of our store base this year . 
As of today we do not have complete insight into the total number of units we can expect in Q 2 , new software will face a difficult comparison to Uncharted Doom and Overwatch from last May . 
We have built into our plan an iPhone launch that would be comparable to last year 's launch of the iPhone 7 : We believe there is upside to the plan if the iPhone 8 is significantly improved from the existing form factors in the market . 
We believe that our collaboration partners are well positioned to take advantage of Stendra 's 15 - minute of onset . 
I will now turn the call back to mark to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2017 , I also refer you to the financial results and recent business updates . 
I will now turn the call to Seth for closing comments : Thank you mark for 2017 , we are excited for the opportunity to utilize our strong cash position for the acquisition and development of a new product pipeline . 
All currently approved products treat the symptoms of PAH , but do not address the underlying disease . 
Beginning in the first quarter of 2017 , due to the change in our revenue recognition methodology for Qsymia , revenue recognized is based . 
The courts adopted Vivus proposed constructions for all but one of the disputed claim terms , and adopted a compromised construction that was acceptable to Vivus for the final claim term . 
The decrease in 2017 was primarily due to the realignment of our sales force , refinement of our marketing and promotional programs , and continued cost control initiatives . 
In terms of total new business volume for 2000 and 15 , we realized strong performance across most of our products and lines of business . 
Turning to our results for fourth quarter and full year 2000 and 15 , we realized strong growth in our outstanding business volume and in our dollars of net effective spread and our credit quality continues at favorable levels . 
In the absence of those two items , net effective spread would have shown sort of that steady Eddie performance that you 've seen trend over the last three quarters . 
No more questions Id like to thank you for listening and participating this morning , I look forward to our next call to report our first quarter 2000 and 16 results in May thank you . 
I will begin my remarks about the company by stating that 2015 is our third consecutive year of growth in adjusted Ebitda and distributable cash flow . 
Congratulations to the MIDLA team for the work and partnership with communities , state and local governments , and the FERC in achieving amutually beneficial outcome to reconstruct the legacy MIDLA system . 
Along with our ten - k , which was filed yesterday with the SEC , a replay of this call will be archived on our website for a limited time . 
We are committed to delivering the 2016 forecast that Dan reviewed even given the difficult conditions we are facing as an industry . 
These projects will also provide incremental cash flow for 2016 , as we look ahead our diversified portfolio of midstream assets and multiple key resource plays provides a strong footprint to continue delivering Long 's term growth . 
Uk growth has recovered from the impact of the adverse weather in the first quarter , with higher expected growth in the rest of the year . 
We expect to have around 3 million customers using this service by the year - end . 
Minute 1 On day one of the stress you can look out and see how bad it 's going to be and because you can look out and see how bad it 's going to be . 
In February we announced an ambitious strategy for the next three years , which we have significantly increased the level of investments in the business . 
As well as the benefit from MBNA for the full year , I now expect the margin to be in line with H 1 and over the longer term in line with our previous guidance I continue to expect NIM to be resilient through the plan period . 
And given we 've had the paper on the calibration of the pillar 2 a Do you have a sense of where that buffer will go to on the stress ? 
Our AAV manufacturing leadership position continues to be an important element of our overall corporate strategy for long - term value creation . 
The meeting will certainly cover CMC : It 's our intention to cover all aspects of the program and . 
But also , as we have now clearly demonstrated the promise of our platform with the Aspiro results , we are interested in disease targets that provide the potential for our work to make a broader impact in larger patient populations . 
And finally we continue to make excellent progress in our manufacturing operations and bla - readiness initiatives . 
Resources that are expected to fund the company into 2021 , we are excited about our multiple upcoming milestones and look forward to sharing additional updates with you as our work progresses . 
For cohort 2 I mean obviously patients all had to fit the inclusion and exclusion criteria of the study , but is there anything you are prepared to tell us at this time in terms of ? 
One of the keys to successfully executing the strategy is having the right leadership team in place in 2018 we added significant talent and expanded the roles of current integer leaders to position us for success . 
Thanks Jason before I discuss our outlook , I want to reflect for amoment on how our business has evolved over the past four years and more importantly . 
We have clearly identified portfolio and product line strategies for how we will win in the markets we serve and have developed six operational imperatives that will allow us to achieve excellence in everything we do . 
As we look at our second quarter results , our crude oil sales volumes exceeded the high end of our guidance by almost 1100 barrels per day or almost 5 % and . 
It 's very similar to the GOR in the Windsor area if you look at the two charts that we supplied . 
The highest line pressures you 'd probably expect kind of for 3 q you 'd probably be witnessing now , so you 're fairly comfortable with where you set the guidance for 3 q is that yes we forecast any curtailments that we might . 
Yes , we have n 't really said anything yet on the number of locations that we 're going to be adding , but that 's something that we 'll definitely be able to give more color on with our Q 3 call . 
Which we provided yesterday evening after the close of trading , Ill now turn the call over to Mark Erickson our CEO to go through some of the highlights for this quarter . 
We Are Raising Our Full Year 2017 Crude Oil Production Guidance . 
It 's been well delineated by offset well results in addition to our own , and we expect this acreage to be in the top 20 % of our inventory . 
Our initial wells down there and once we see what the gor trends are across our position we 'll be able to . 
Thanks rusty , let 's jump right into the encouraging results , we are seeing from our enhanced completions , we now have over 60 niobrara wells online stimulated with enhanced completions and we really like what we 're seeing thus far . 
These initial wells should be on production in early 2018 and will demonstrate the productivity of this area as well as help determine the most efficient sizing of our midstream facilities for future full development . 
And as far as 2018 goes a lot of the drilling we 're doing right now and a lot of the wells that we 're going to be completing towards the end of this year and the beginning of next year are actually in our southern acreage and they 'll be going into the western gas system . 
And as a result we raised our oil guidance , but what we have n 't seen is the corresponding increase in GOR , which is why we did not raise our BOE forecasts until we see where that shakes out . 
Then at the end of May we completed enrollment and dosing of the entire sad portion of the study in healthy volunteers . 
We and many key opinion leaders in HBV see these data as the first proof of concept that an RNAi compound can potentially lead to an awakening of the immune system in HBV patients and eventual functional cure . 
This will help to inform our decision about what dose level or levels to select for the phase II study and what the dosing interval should be . 
Of circulating Ss - antigen , even so half of these patients experienced a sustained host response , where it appears that Arc - 5 20 triggered something that enabled the body to fight the virus . 
To presentation of meaningful clinical data in just two years for two different programs , we believe this is virtually unheard of and we have several additional candidates to follow . 
In addition , we have started using newer ligands that have distinct advantages and have discovered ways to eliminate the use of PK enhancing structures , which makes for a smaller and more structurally simple molecule . 
Yes and some other issues that we had in a couple - in we had a couple of life sciences clients and a couple of energy services clients where we had po issues . 
From our original number of 30 we also fully expect to diversify our service base there to include information technology outsourcing with our newly hired it subject matter experts . 
So it 's been a busy 15 months I think it 's fair to say in my time here we 've been preparing for increased domestic competition . 
Working to help bring TMX much closer to our clients and enable us to build a better understanding of their needs . 
First , as you have seen in the Q 4 15 results and the press release issued on Wednesday , we have aligned our operating segments to our strategic pillars , this lines up our reporting structure with how we review the business . 
The decline in market share was not unexpected , as we closed TMX Select and Alpha was relaunched as an unprotected marketplace ; these changes are made as part of the larger initiative to simplify and improve the trading experience for our clients . 
Our backlog is up significantly from the same time a year ago and our 12 s week order rates are positive in all geographies and segments . 
Our team did a great job leveraging this increased volume and focusing on continuous improvement initiatives to improve operating margin by five percentage points compared to last year 's fourth quarter . 
We are very encouraged by order rates : We 're seeing in all three segments , particularly in the advanced technology segment where demand for our solutions is strong across electronic and medical end markets . 
Restructuring actions are largely behind the company now in terms of the cost : Are there any additional actions that could be taken in fy '17 and how are you thinking about ? 
Some of the benefits may stretch out into the first quarter of '18 , and as we build out and then transfer to that facility , but I do n 't see any substantial charges related to . 
Reported operating margin in the quarter improved by five percentage points compared to the prior year through the combination of volume leverage mix and the net effect of continuous improvement initiatives . 
Organic growth for the year was a robust 7 % compared to the prior year this is outstanding growth . 
The electronics part of ATS over the last number of years that we 've talked about has been mobile and that continues to be the biggest driver , but as we talked about in the last couple of quarters we 've . 
Quarter with three of the four Chinese mobile guys and what we see from them is more interest in doing more automation , more interest in doing more sophisticated . 
As disclosed in previous 10 - Qs as well as in our 10 - Q filed earlier today , we have been in discussions with the California Attorney General and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . 
In 2015 , the usage of cash and operating activities was primarily due to the increase in accounts receivable and the decline in deferred revenue and accrued liabilities during the first quarter . 
The LDG program makes it possible through a combination of employer contributions and scholarships from Ashford for students to earn their degree with no student debt . 
While our current cohort retention rate is within our historical range of 60 % to 66 % , we continue to place a strong emphasis on increasing student retention through various initiatives that Ashford has taken . 
We also continue to make progress in our Leadership Development Grant or LDG program . 
Which is more than four times the level for the same period last year and includes contribution to income from each of the three quarters this year . 
But we do use it internally to measure our core operating results , so Ive included it in the earnings release with a reconciliation to our GAAP numbers . 
The real story is our results for the nine months , which indicates that we have now reached a consistent level of sales and profitability . 
We continue to have placement for this product line and good sales results in the largest us retail chain as well as in other chains and online retailers , and we are pursuing additional chains to our placement to the line . 
We look forward to sharing more about our exciting work in this area at the medical meetings throughout 2018 and 2019 with that I want to thank you very much for your attention . 
Of course something that has to be a real concern during the manufacturing of course and on the safety of the product , but the QC and all the details that we are dealing with . 
This is where the true advantage of allogeneic car - t cell manufacturing process kicks in . 
We strongly believe in the superior potential of the car - t programs of our partners . 
The results we have obtained in all are very convincing to try to expand this in a lot of different type of indications and I think that there is absolutely no restriction behind this . 
We will of course be extremely open and trying to dialogue with the FDA to try to see what is the threshold to go for registration , but whenever we have convincing results . 
Our variable annuity business , which is included in us retail flows , has been under pressure for the past two years as some of our insurance partners exited the business , while others made a shift to passive . 
It occupancy and general and administrative expenses all experienced a seasonal increase as typical of the fourth quarter . 
While sales have been fairly flat for the past three quarters , we 've also seen a consistent slowdown of redemptions leading to improved net flows for this fund , although hybrid products remain in net outflows overall . 
Expanding our ETF platform and new product launches as well as new technology . 
We did see amodest improvement in international retail flows , but that was offset by some institutional redemptions as well as improved us fixed income flows . 
Of more than 5 % this exceeded the cost savings projections I provided last quarter . 
The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials which are available on our website reconciliations of these non - GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures . 
How would you characterize them versus your own expectations and you mentioned three things as far as ? 
Paint in Home Depot or specifically PPG Brands vs Behr . 
We expect our sales volumes in the automotive OEM business to be stronger in the second half of the year based on recently implemented stimulus and easier comparisons to the prior year . 
The automotive OEM business made good progress in implementing selling price increases , realizing sequentially higher price in each major region of the world . 
So David our response is the same one we gave in the fourth quarter that we do n 't think we need to be talking about Tio 2 this year . 
And we saw coming into 'nineteen that they had delegated from Beijing to the provinces , the enforcement of environmental actions , and so they were much more focused on employment . 
The result of Spx - Minus the results of Spx Flow are reported as discontinued operations : This quarter we 're also reporting under our new segment structure for the first time . 
We will also discuss the results of our core businesses separately from the results of the South African projects and with that let 's discuss our Q 3 results . 
This is a very important milestone for the owner Eskom , our customers and spx , as well signifying another step forward in the process . 
Certain costs below segment income need to be normalized to align with the post - spin spx ; corporate expense includes costs for individuals and other expenditures . 
We are restating our 2000 and 15 targets on a core basis ; we believe this gives the best visibility into the organic changes in our targets . 
In HVAC , in addition to our solid performance this quarter , we remain on track with our plans for several new product launches and expanding and optimizing our channels to market . 
Which could drive additional value - creation above and beyond the growth we are targeting in our core Ebitdamodel . 
Which I believe results in two even more focused companies that can create greater opportunities for employees and customers as well as drive additional value for shareholders , we appreciate your commitment and dedication . 
Recall that these are two mega power projects owned by the state - owned South African utility Eskom Power projects that have unfortunately seen continual delays through their life cycle . 
Changes in overall business mix in the segment and the impact of the stronger us dollar contributed to margin decline . 
And that 's been a real nice contributor to the business overall , where we 're seeing the headwinds right now from amargin perspective beyond just the LED side is the timing of projects . 
I encourage you to follow along with the slide presentation during our prepared remarks , a replay of the webcast will be available on our website until November 13 as a reminder portions of our presentation and comments . 
You can find reconciliations of all pro forma figures to their respective gaapmeasures in an appendix to today 's presentation . 
Bookings for power generation equipment remained at low levels , and backlog declined sequentially from Q 2 as power generation markets remain weak ; we are intensely focused on reducing costs and risk in this business . 
Our Ebitda and cash flows are concentrated in Q 4 based on this and with a focus to pay down short - term debt in Q 4 we expect to be back within our target range by the end of the year . 
As a reminder , restructuring charges are below the segment income line and are also an add - back under our bank credit facility calculation of Ebitda with respect to revised full year segment targets . 
And so it 's kind of an action that we 're doing now that we 're moving forward on that we really do n 't expect to see much in the way of benefit in 2016 , it 'll be beyond that . 
Batteries are generally sized for two to four hour discharges , not usually eight hours , and once discharged they typically have to be recharged for an equivalent period of time before they can be used again for a similar level of discharge . 
Regarding the economics of the acquisition , Thad has already discussed how we redeploy capital from wholesale generation into retail , tripling the Ebitda on a similar amount of net capital deployed . 
Within the retail space specific to the commercial and industrial segment , the combination of noble and champion places calpine among the top three national providers by volume . 
As you can see from the chart in the upper left during the heat wave , all 11 of our peaking units were needed each day that week to serve peak load . 
The chart on the top right shows our generation volumes for the third quarter , as expected volumes in the West continue to track below 2015 , primarily due to the suspended operations of our Sutter and South Point plants . 
Wrapping up with the East Energy markets remained backward - dated in PJM given the expected addition of new generation capacity over the next few years . 
Which is generally consistent with the three - year - out figures we typically present on this call each year . 
I think they 've been looking at a lot of things since they first came out with the California forward capacity market kind of concept eight or nine years ago at what point do you just kind of . 
At least based on the math , we 're not actually seeing an impact in our ability to drive the goals that we had for the year , so again I do n 't want to read too much into the market growth over the last two quarters . 
So again not amajor concern , it 's not far off of our expectations in the - 1 what we assumed so far in the year and the performance of EMEA throughout the rest of the year is already contemplated . 
So while Im not going to give you the precise phasing Q 3 to Q 4 , I would just remind you to look back at revenue seasonality of . 
And in the second quarter , the set business was pressured a little more than the large joints . 
So my feeling is , as we 're coming into a year from now , those three things will be happening . 
Stay focused on delivering what we 're talking about here in the back half of 2018 first and foremost we 're going to see how that goes , and we will continue to have a bias for investment in areas that deliver a return from a growth profile perspective . 
As CEO , I am energized by their personal commitment as we work together on the path to future success with that Ill turn it over to Dan to go through our financial results in more detail . 
Some of that would be in the set businesses obviously , so our first area of focus will be to add scale in areas where we already play . 
I remain confident in the people and the processes we have in place and I can assure you that we will continue to appropriately resource and staff this important work and we 'll keep the FDA updated on our progress . 
Even if it impacts our ability to get that modest expansion , we 've been talking about in 2019 for margin . 
But they 're aggressively moving that 's forward and having good success so far as indicated by the Q 2 number , and we continue to feel confident that we 're going to be able to deliver what we expect in the back half . 
Accordingly , we are taking what we believe to be a cautious approach to our 2000 and 16 outlook for shipments in mobile products as we evaluate the further impact of lower energy prices on the demand for capital equipment . 
And no improvement in power outage severity relative to the very low levels experienced during 2000 and 15 , we expect the seasonality of quarterly results to demonstrate a normal historical pattern assuming no major outage events occur during the year . 
Our overall financial performance for the fourth quarter exceeded our most recent guidance expectations , with net sales and margins continuing the strong seasonal performance experienced during the second half of 2000 and 15 despite the persistent very low power outage environment in the quarter . 
Recall that starting in the second quarter of 2000 and 14 we experienced a significant increase in demand for mobile equipment used in oil and gas sector . 
While the power outage environment is obviously beyond our control when market conditions inevitably improve , we believe we are well positioned to fully leverage the innovative sales and marketing programs for home standby generators , which were largely only implemented within the last three years . 
This sales guidance is driven by a number of factors including the assumption that power outage severity does not improve during 2000 and 16 ; we expect to at least partially offset this impact through our execution on a number of strategic initiatives to increase the awareness and demand . 
Primarily related to our assumption that the telecom capital spending environment remains subdued throughout 2000 and 16 , particularly during the first half of the year . 
I expect to start to see some of that as we get into 2017 , but really accelerating probably realistically towards the back half of 17 and into '18 , so I think it 's just . 
The increase is primarily attributed to a notable reduction in product costs given the expected benefit from lower commodities sourcing benefits from a strong us dollar and other cost reduction efforts . 
The primary drivers of the increase of the full year impact of the 25 basis point spread increase with our term loan credit facility . 
Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors . 
However , as the clear market leader , we believe we had a notable influence on the end - user demand for these products in 2000 and 15 as we continued to make investments in our innovative sales and targeted marketing programs to increase the awareness of the category . 
In summarizing our consolidated sales growth assumptions for 2000 and 16 , we expect total core organic growth on a constant currency basis to be down between 5 % to 7 % compared to the prior year with only aminimal negative impact from foreign currency . 
Our assumption that Libor rates modestly increased beginning the second half of 2016 and the addition of interest expense from debt assumed with the Pramac acquisition . 
Important product level changes on the home standby product that make it easier to install so a lot of the learnings that we took from 2015 are being applied to new product introduction . 
Pretty much all of what we planned is happening at a pace and rate across now all four of the businesses and indeed in our global support functions where . 
The interim dividend has increased by 4 % , which delivers the increased minimum commitment that we made in February for dividend growth through the period of the growth acceleration plan . 
It gives us some - 2 advantages : Really by comparison to most of our peers , the first is we do n 't have anything else in this business other than exhibitions . 
Specialist that we talked about at the investor day , these are capabilities that we 've added since the first half of last year that I think give us better growth prospect going forward , but obviously do n 't deliver immediately on day one in terms of business . 
The business intelligence business is improving at a scale and rate , and we feel quietly confident that our ambition to deliver a full year of positive growth in 16 we can do . 
And if so would you like to tell us how much you 're running ahead and then secondly was just on the academic business , I know that the gap investment was never particularly skewed . 
All four operating divisions are on track for their growth targets against the GAP program , so we feel confident not only about the activity , but also about the projected return rates . 
I think the top two businesses which are the main engines of the performance of the group at the moment which were the things we 've put under the spotlight externally at last year 's investor day . 
Evaluated to be approximately 3 . 3 turns per year , higher levels of inventory were primarily related to an increase in raw material inventory . 
And a continued market penetration of our optiload product were more than offset by the decrease . 
This was a reversal from the negative trends we had seen through the first six months of the year related to the lingering effects of inexpensive Chinese imports . 
We have also introduced a new premium grade product called Baryprem which can be used in new applications . 
This was primarily due to lower utilization levels from the decrease in volume sold to our large us customer . 
And in the diy space we continue to optimize our product to drive conversion and deliver an exceptional client experience . 
We will offer more clarity on the potential impact of these changes on our core business when we provide our fiscal '19 outlook in December . 
What we might expect to see from the industry results at the end of this week when the IRs reports it and then I have a follow - up please . 
Programs overall did a nice job of bringing in clients , but like I said more skewed towards prior clients than New , could you give us a rough idea of the size of the free EZ programme last year and this year ? 
And adjustments to other income and expenses as a result of the Tropical Palms RV lease termination and settlement of the California litigation . 
High quality H qualified MH assets continue to command best financing terms . 
The press release and supplemental package provide 2017 full year and first quarter guidance in detail as I discuss guidance : Keep in mind my remarks are intended to provide our current estimate of future results . 
Page 15 of Our supplemental package shows aggregate revenues generated by our thousand trails properties . 
Bring it online each year well , it 's really a little bit of both I mean when we look at the demand in the areas where we see that we 're going to be able to either fill the site some of the sites are RVs , so either fill it with the RV or fill it with amanufactured home . 
And finally our RV revenue grew by nearly 6 % ; we have been focused on converting existing renters to owners and are pleased with the trend we are seeing . 
The contribution from acquisitions was higher than guidance , mainly as a result of the resumption of operations of Tropical Palms RV resort during the quarter following termination of the ground lease . 
And enable us to do something very novel within each stage by setting perforations across two different stress profiles . 
While achieving design , proppant concentrations of up to PS2000 per foot , which would be the highest in the company 's history . 
Said - in made an observation , he 'd been through seven of these cycles , and he said in every other cycle , the majors and the big - kilometre and the really big independents just bought up all the little guys . 
The second quarter financials that are part of that s - 1 will become stale , so we 'll need to amend our s - 1 for our third quarter financials which you see before you today . 
I hope this presentation affirms for you the fact that we stayed incredibly focused on advancing our technical prowess in our well results this year , which sets the company up for a very exciting 2017 and beyond . 
It would be on a projected basis we brought three wells on in the first quarter and two wells on in the second , and that probably totals just under four net wells . 
And what opportunities do we see there to reach the targets of 2017 this was presented in the strategic plan and ? 
And the conditions of these projects are now very different to the ones found five years ago . 
Now talking about Ebitda evolution , I want to confirm the behavior . 
Ever since 2010 , when we started to see these regulatory and efficiency issues in Spain , we are the only utility company in Europe that has managed to get its results . 
Of 2020 now , let 's turn briefly to our financial results before opening the call up to questions . 
In order to show that , Atlas is really allowing us to select the key targets in the setting . 
Atlas robust biological readout , in other words , may ensure better use of checkpoint inhibitors as well as enable better vaccines and cell therapies . 
At SITC we presented new data in amouse melanomamodel providing evidence that these neoantigen - specific inhibitory responses could be tumour - promoting . 
For those of you who may be new to our story , Atlas is our proprietary antigen identification platform that we believe enables us to know rather than predict the right neoantigens for each patient . 
This enables us both to extend our cash runway guidance and to invest diligently both in Gen - OH 11 and in Prudent Gen - OH - OH 9 clinical trial scale - up . 
Like most BDCs , we 've operated as a regulated investment company or RIC for tax purposes . 
A replay of today 's call will be available beginning an hour after the completion of the call and will remain available until November 9 information on how to access the replay was included in yesterday 's release . 
In mid - 2013 we decided to make the supplemental dividend semiannual paid in June and December ; we have continued this practice through the December 2018 dividend we declared last month . 
During today 's call management will discuss non - GAAP financial measures including distributable net investment income ; please refer to yesterday 's press release for a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures . 
During those initial five years , Main Street consistently generated substantial but variable realized gains from exited equity investments . 
Providing us significant comfort regarding our current expectations for origination in 2019 , this expected continued growth in our lower middle market portfolio . 
Please note that information reported on this call speaks only as of today November 2 , 2018 , and therefore you are advised that time - sensitive information may no longer be accurate at the time of any replay listening or transcript reading . 
We also have several equity investments in C corporations which have contributed to our dividend income . 
We charge 2 % and 20 % for owning Main Street , which is internally managed would n 't . It - , it would be reasonable for us to have to tell our new shareholders . 
The number of jobs in the state has increased over the last six years , and at the same time unemployment has declined to below 3 % this has driven steady growth in personal income and retail spending . 
We 've noted strong sales activity at the project over the last few months , with 21 new bound contracts received since March . 
We also are implementing performance improvement plans that were developed in conjunction with FMI Group , a leading industry consulting specialist . 
A : Ive more to speak about on the coming quarters , but at first glance if you look at the reit side of our business as the growth area . 
Going forward , we 'll continue to advance implementation of our Hawaii commercial real estate growth strategy and work through the remaining conversion steps and related events we detailed in our REIT conversion announcement presentation , including the holding company merger vote . 
And then from a conversion to REIT we expect that we will reflect the financials of the company under a REIT structure in the fourth quarter . 
Management will be referring to non - GAAP financial measures during our call today . 
That we expect will enhance communications coordination efficiency and cost effectiveness , which in turn will help drive Ebitda growth over time . 
I want to welcome Jim to his first quarterly conference call and say that we are already benefiting from his extensive REIT experience . 
As you might imagine Ive been drinking from a fire hose over the past three weeks , nevertheless I have been able to focus on a few strategically important things that Id like to give you some thoughts on . 
And what essentially will happen is the income tax expense will only relate to the TRS side of the business . 
As we said at the time , this quality property currently has tenants in 94 % of the available space . 
So to wrap up before I hand it off to Jim , we 've had generally good performance so far in 2017 , and I feel very positive about our continued strategic momentum . 
And finally , the REIT announcement was more than just a tax strategy : Ive seen an energetic focus on activities that create value in a way that REIT investors will appreciate . 
The reasons for the variances are included in our earnings release and will be detailed in management 's discussion and analysis , which is included in the second quarter 10 - Q that we 'll file tomorrow . 
In addition , we were excited to announce just a few weeks ago our REIT conversion , an important milestone in our company 's evolution . 
In order to grow NOI in redevelopment and development for hold . 
While this particular slide is a bit of a repeat of information we shared on our REIT call last month , I think the information does bear repeating . 
Thank You Jim So Turning to Slide 16 , all segments contributed to improved financial performance this quarter as compared to last year . 
We appreciate that some of our assets are more difficult to value than with other REITs to help your analysis and to better define our priorities in the initiatives under way we 'll be holding an analyst day , including a deep dive NAV session . 
Sheila : This is Paul , so in terms of the quarter the income tax rate was a little bit higher because some of the REIT conversion costs are not deductible . 
Over the next few years , so I do n 't expect to have to put capital into the TRS businesses . 
New projects has not been approved in the last five years we had five years in which each year prices were lower than the prior ones , so this is the year where we have changed this trend . 
Id like to move to slide three and Id like to ask Patrick Moriarty to take us through the financial highlights of the quarter , Pat , maybe you could take us through that . 
Information presented on this call is contained in the earnings release We Issued This Morning and In Our Form 8 - K dated April 17 , 2018 , which may be accessed from the investors page of the company 's website . 
We look very different today than five years ago , for example clinical and technology professionals are the first and third largest job categories across UnitedHealth Group . 
In part because consumers they serve visit primary care physicians 10 % more often even as their hospitalizations are reduced . 
That has been chronically underfunded over 13 % over the past nine years , so the 2019 rates were needed they were necessary to cover program costs and keep benefits . 
Stretch in that organization 's twenty - year history over the course of the last seven years if you think about the things that we . 
In those more progressive relationships , so we 've migrated that up to about half as of today and we 'll continue to push forward on that and as Steve mentioned , we 've driven some very nice results across all three lines of business we see things like lower ins patients . 
And we will look different again five years from now as we continue to evolve at an accelerated pace . 
Strong growth , together with excellent operating costs and productivity management , lifted the first quarter margin by a hundred basis points over last year . 
It 's noticeable relative to the strong trend that you 've had over the last three years of market share gains in that segment Can You Talk Maybe About ? 
In the second quarter of this year and then the life sciences market in Q 4 , so . 
In Medicaid we continue to expect strong revenue growth in 2018 and . 
Tax reform impacting that through I guess there 's some concern about the blues into next year and on the PBM side , with all the deals being announced how your competitors might be responding to that and whether there 's any opportunity or risk to pricing heading into next year . 
A description of some of the risks and uncertainties can be found in the reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including the cautionary statements included in our current and periodic filings ; this call will also reference nons GAAP amounts . 
And in commercial benefit channels we 're seeing both lower use of the ER and lower hospital admission rates for patients treated in the ER . 
So history continues to be a guide : We expect our lowest effective tax rate in the first half with 1 q typically somewhat . 
We expect we 'll be in a better position to provide an update on our August call on the capex that we are able to pull forward into 'eighteen as well as the impact . 
As highlighted on Slide 3 , these results were slightly ahead of our expectations for the first quarter and we 're pleased to make progress towards the continued execution of our strategic plans . 
And expect that line to begin service in the fourth quarter of 2019 , with throughput volumes ramping up over a couple of quarters . 
So when you think about people that ought to be able to capitalize on this , it 's people like ourselves that have built and spent Twenty - plus years building a system out there . 
So we 've always had the capability that would be a phase 3 to be able to loop that line down the road if there were interest in bringing additional barrels to cushing , so as we think forward we 're always looking at how we can further debottleneck our system . 
Any of the two businesses to bear any extra losses give me another month or two , and I will clarify everything for you because . 
The cost structure everything will remain the same for all the three publications . 
Assumed neutral on essentially a zero change in working capital requirements . 
Where you expect those to go and in particular I understand the content drivers on both , but how do you see the competitive environment in each , especially in an environment looking at GMs slides where ? 
Even if you ca n 't be specific because we do n 't want to talk about 2018 yet , but just in general is there some fall through to make that also lift that bias a bit . 
So the perception is that WPG will bear the brunt of all of the store closures when the reality is that the impact has been manageable , further evidencing the quality and stability of our portfolio . 
It 's important to remember that we own approximately 200 anchor spaces in our portfolio , and that over the last two years we have started or completed redevelopment activity at 15 former department stores . 
Primarily due to bankruptcy activities that occurred during the second quarter of 2017 , the company is now focused on the low end of its original guidance range for comparable NOI expecting full year performance to be essentially flat year 's over . 
Management may also discuss certain non - GAAP financial measures ; reconciliations of each non - GAAP financial measure to the comparable GAAP measure are included in our press release . 
In our portfolio we 've only five stores which were part of these announcements , let me break that down a little bit ; two of those five were natural lease expirations that we anticipated getting back . 
Do you have statistics on what the restaurants and entertainment as a percentage of your overall gla is today and how it was at the time of the spin and could you share that with us maybe ? 
So admittedly it 's not easy to see because of a number of moving parts , the fourth quarter as Ill explain to you and Randy will explain to you , We think was a good one for mb , I was quite pleased with it . 
Quite well building a balance sheet with superior profitability and lower risk in 2016 , another one of our strategies for building a great company is to diversify our profit and revenue sources . 
Is around 10 % it 's also worth noting that even though mortgage net income was much less than in the previous quarter , it was not far off from its expected net income run rate . 
Answered at this point , but I was just curious if you had any updates on the newer ABL business in Toronto . 
Again I think we 've done quite well in this area , in 2016 we detail our most important fee initiatives for you in our earnings press releases in a table section we label key fee initiatives . 
Second , it means that the bankers who came to MB from American Chartered were intensely focused on helping their clients get through our September systems conversion and the aftermath . 
And like I said , In my prepared comments , I do n 't think anybody - Inhabitants well , I do n 't think Im certain nobody knows for sure how their nim is going to react , or their net interest income is going to react to rising rates , I think . 
As a percentage of revenues was primarily due to the addition of three hospitals in 2015 , hospitals require higher staff levels and higher drugs and supply cost . 
Yes , they should continue to go down same thing with our cost per case at the SMB line . 
In the second quarter of 2015 , this is a direct result of our ability to drive organic growth within desired specialties and procedure type within our system . 
This growth was driven primarily by the acquisition of three hospitals acquired in 2015 and includes the allocation of additional marketing expenses . 
And so we 're being somewhat selective , but we would n 't be surprised over the next few months to pick up an ASC or a small hospital . 
We 're going to move with lightning speed on this , we expect to capture some significant revenue in Ebitda in Q 4 from the vascular business . 
Well , you also have to look at the etiology of that AR and then layer on top of that the seasonality of our company . 
Which we expect to have completed entering the fourth quarter of 2000 and 18 , this investment and expanding our sales force reflects the opportunity we see in the tardive dyskinesiamarket . 
Suffice it to say interest in learning about TD is strong and we expect this momentum to continue to the American Psychiatric Association annual meeting next week in New York . 
We have always considered this a learning launch and have gained quite a bit of insight about the TD market during the first year . 
Yes , just on the t - force platinum , just want to get a sense from you guys , is there something that you feel like you 're going to learn from a longer ? 
It 's - kilometre we understand that these patients , on average , take their underlying medications 50 % to 60 % of the time to begin with . 
I have a question about some of the data that was presented at aan and . 
And as I said , We 've only just begun to scratch the surface , but everything and I think that you would agree with us everything that we 've seen in the performance of Ingrezza to date says . 
We also continued to generate data to help increase the level of health professional awareness regarding TD in patients with neuropsychiatric disorders . 
I think the re - kinect study is an extremely important study and that is going to just continue to add information over time . 
And fully appreciate the multitude of negative impacts TD can have on the quality of people 's lives . 
We believe this planned sales force expansion can help accelerate TD market development and prepare us for the next waves of growth . 
Had a clinical global impression of change and patient global impression of change goal indicating much improved or very much improved at 48 weeks . 
What we 've uncovered during the first six to nine months of our launch was that our sales team was adding a lot of customers we 've actually added thousands of customers to our call universe . 
Do you know what the reasons are for discontinuation the top one or two and are they switching to other therapies ? 
All of these direct educational efforts through our commercial and medical teams and in partnership with outside stakeholder groups are starting to bear fruit as we are seeing increased recognition and diagnosis of TD occur in the marketplace . 
This investment in expansion is a testament to our conviction in the size of the TD opportunity , our commitment to become the market leader and our belief in the promise that Ingrezza can deliver hope to many patients . 
And the right level of support so that we can help as many patients as possible with Ingrezza , so I think that that kind of lays out what the plan is going to look like between now and the end of the year . 
Our periodic reports are available from the company or online on the company 's website or the SEC website . 
Our ability to continue to generate core deposits through our network of only 21 branches is a key factor in our efficiency ratio . 
In addition , the potentially small compression of loan yields caused by floor rates on a portion of our portfolio is now behind us as we have pierced through the floor on 98 % of the loans with floors . 
The most significant feature in our deposit mix is that our commercial deposit structure has allowed us to maintain an average of 33 % of deposits in noninterest - bearing accounts . 
The high level of DDA deposits has been maintained since the inception of the bank and will continue to mitigate potential increases in the overall cost of funds if rates continue to increase . 
The portfolio is conservatively managed with a relatively short duration of 17 months , in addition we maintained significant liquidity at the Federal Reserve . 
And prior - period ratios are very favorable as compared to industry averages and improved as compared to our NPA levels over the last several years . 
Over the past year we continued to slightly increase our level of asset sensitivity as we have now pierced through 98 % of the loans in the portfolio which had force . 
We were satisfied with our average cost of funds of 96 basis points for the second quarter . 
The FHA multifamily division has had minimal production during the second quarter , but has a solid pipeline of transactions we have been . 
And current reports on Form 8 - K identify certain factors that could cause the company 's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forwards looking statements made this morning . 
We entered the second half of this year with an active and robust sales pipeline of approximately 400 prospects . 
We believe that the more relevant target for us is increasing the patient population that we have access to for testing with T 2 Candida now . 
European hospitals are very cost conscious and many of them see great potential value in being able to use the T 2 Candida panel to rapidly remove patients from unnecessary and very expensive empiric anti 's fungal therapy . 
Customer success stories will likely drive this next wave of growth , and the introduction of T 2 bacteria will be amajor driver as well . 
Reorganizing and adding new capabilities so that we can in the future and over that three - year period make sure that we are agile enough . 
And finally we are confident in delivering on our three key financial priorities . 
We just have to keep our brands above that slightly , and we have to fight with the branded competitors in the same space Steve , this is Mark Smucker , I would just add one or two things , and that is that . 
In that particular area we took that knowing that our ZBB program will be kicking off at the latter part of the first quarter . 
And just reiterate a couple of our key messages that we have been working extremely hard over the last 18 months to really make sure that we have the right . 
Also contributing to lower consumer food sales in the quarter were declines across several natural foods brands and a 4 % decrease for the JIF brand . 
But I do n 't know what the e - com for the total category is if it 's around 5 % , but can you just ? 
We are excited for this opportunity to report the financial results for the fourth quarter of 2017 , which represents the first full quarter of the combined Knight and Swift entity . 
We 're not - is we 're probably not going to ever forecast right now how many points of or we might get if we got that kind of improvement , I think you can look at our . 
Certainly this year because we feel like that there 's enough strength and the bid season will carry us through the next 4 / 4 . 
Time of the year for the contracts I mean you 're kind of dealing with pricing that had gone into a place six to nine months previously so . 
We also believe that the ELD mandate began to have an impact on capacity late in the quarter , which has continued into the first quarter thus far . 
Pass on that 30 % or so to the driver and can you talk to some of the other cost savings and how they might temper that outlook ? 
At our current rate of waste mining we expect to complete the cut two pushback either in Q 4 this year or Q 1 next year . 
With respect to the exceptional diamonds when comparing the current quarterly results to Q 2 2017 , we sold a smaller volume at a lower average price . 
Despite the best efforts of both parties to resolve these issues , we have agreed that the best course of action is to terminate the existing mining contract as of December 31 this year . 
In aggregate the new oil facility - 10 oil opportunity set , we see could add around 30 million barrels . 
There is naturally competition for such sales , but LNG sourced from PNG is well regarded by the market . 
Oil search can offer a value package to buyers that is a differentiator ; we are offering point to point sales rather than from a portfolio with a wide range of LNG spec . 
I can tell you it 's very cold there now yesterday , it was - 52 , but at the end of the day we still have got to be off the ice I think at the end of the third week in April generally . 
We also see entering into feed on the Pikka Unit Development Alaska as being a fundamental for end of the first half this year . 
Something over 50 % of the total population in the Highlands is now under 20 years of age and we now need to turn our minds to how we engage with them . 
We just think that market is deep enough , it 's deep enough for a project , particularly one that delivers Rich Lng at a time where . 
The proposed integrated three - train expansion avoids unnecessary and costly duplication of infrastructure . 
The completion of the farm - in to the prospective licenses adjacent to Elk - antelope and the acquisition of our largest seismic program for 10 years in that area has the potential to mature large structures for drilling . 
I think what worked in terms of programs 15 years ago no longer works , engagement with the youth in these areas remains a critical part of our future long - term success . 
Moving next to the segment results starting with Advanced Materials on Slide 6 , which delivered a great first half of the year . 
And increasing our share repurchases in the second half of 16 and into '17 as I look beyond '16 , we are well positioned for growth as these shortterm challenges recede and our strong growth drivers continue . 
Ill start with our corporate results on slide 5 ; overall sales revenue decreased primarily due to lower selling prices , particularly in chemical intermediates . 
In particular , bulk ethylene prices have been disappointing , as we have seen us prices remain significantly discounted versus the rest of the world . 
We have obviously taking a bit more of a hit in volume than our competitors , and we 've been clear about that because for ten years we 've been a huge beneficiary of having the largest share of imports in China while China was growing . 
Thanks Curt , Ill transition to our outlook on slide 11 looking at the back half of the year , we expect our innovative specialty businesses will continue to grow strongly , improving product mix and accelerating our overall earnings growth . 
You can make a case for consolidation and get it approved when a couple other competitors want to come together , in theory any combination of the other three competitors is possible based on our look at it , but it would obviously be . 
Our 2019 capital spending will be primarily focused on two areas : expanding our logistics capabilities through the growth of our wellsite storage solutions fleet . 
Our effective tax rate was 24 % for the quarter , and we currently expect our effective rate to continue to be in the low 20 % range . 
Relative to where your contracted that 's slightly below , I think if Im doing my math right can you talk me through the dynamics , there is there something specific to 4 Q where your . 
Our focus on cost enables us to expand margins while continuing to fuel growth in that spirit let me take you through two exciting opportunities that will be important drivers going forward . 
More traditional channels , it 's not going to be 100 % incremental , but there 's no question that we have the opportunity as we look at the kinds of items we 're offering . 
This progress was partially offset by declines in some large markets such as us biscuits and Brazil . 
Are just two examples of investments that are continuing to build and transform our advantage platform ? 
A recently published review of published randomized clinical trials concluded that nutritional vitamin D . 
We continue to believe that a longer acting factor VII administered either by IV or subcutaneous administration could change the landscape by permitting children and adults to more easily selfadminister at home . 
So we expect our first sales for our animal health division to begin early in 2017 and I can tell you . 
As Steve discussed , We expect to launch Rayaldee in the coming weeks Id like to provide our thoughts around expected revenue recognition over the next several quarters related to Rayaldee accounting guidelines by the SEC . 
This study will evaluate a single weekly dose of hgh - ctp versus daily injections of currently marketed growth hormones . 
And the key to this molecule is that it also shows a relatively potent antagonist that feature towards the prostate , and so the plan here is to develop a phase II or to start a phase II study . 
We would exhaust those prepaid amounts and the prepaid VAT amounts , which are treated as corporate tax over the next four to five years . 
We 're continuing to deliver free cash flow and even though Q 1 was expected to be the weakest quarter of the year and will be the weakest quarter of the year . 
Even after the provision , we 've taken here , half of which relates to Bulyanhulu : We 're five to six years away depending on where gold prices go . 
So minus - i mean the Q 3 is always a little bit of a high watermark for our margins . 
We actually have amix of on locally hired people from H 1 , but we also have a third category of people from our Mexico center . 
And our proposition perspective overall , if you can provide some details there because first nine months , it seems to be no different than last year . 
The final effect has been an expansion of margins of approximately 30 basis points . 
And addressing the two main factors of growth for the future market that are the management of new - generation content and cloud services , these are the drivers that support the business anchors mentioned before . 
Additionally , our recently acquired convergent CRM system will contribute significantly in this sense , although we are still in the discovery phase of this project as for action items we are integrating our . 
Let us now move to slide 12 where we can see a better picture of the described growth acceleration in the group revenues , which can be explained through a combination of higher usage and price adjustments . 
And as we mentioned at the time of the announcement , we have already commenced the asset sale process with the majority of the Continental Us assets now formerly listed for sale with brokers . 
I have spoken previously about my view that there is a small shop leasing opportunity at DDR and we now have two quarters of improving results to back up these leases . 
On the spin itself we expect to confidentially file the Form 10 this quarter and make a public filing some time late in the second quarter as David mentioned We remain on track . 
We expect RVI transactions to begin closing in the second quarter with larger volumes in the second half of the year . 
This last quarter alone we sold 13 assets to 12 different buyers : We have a dedicated and focused transaction team and Im incredibly pleased with their results . 
We sold quite a few assets at the end of the fourth quarter , obviously that Noi would be included in the fourth quarter run rate Happy to Help You There and then The Last Thing Is . 
We expect this story to recur at New DDR again and again where incremental closures represent net opportunity for stakeholders . 
Well , probably the most important and exciting part of that question is that we 're actually able to discuss it , and I feel great about what 's ahead of us in the next 12 months . 
I think the message has been pretty consistent on this , which is that we think the RVI assets are actually a good notch higher in quality than what we 've been selling . 
Michael : I think - this is David , we thought very carefully about how we structure the fee arrangement between the two companies . 
By nearly 20 basis points last year we had a flat market in this asset class . 
You about the amount of donations that have grown quite strongly in Q 1 , could you say a few words about your donations ? 
To our results conference at Pzu , we 'd like to thank you for turning up in so - kilometre such strong numbers we 'd like to present to you today . 
To retain a 5 % buffer in terms of our equity in terms of our talks or the analysis that we 're doing right now if this were to materialize . 
We should say that the Pzu group , as you know under its strategy , has announced that there are several areas in which we will actively seek transaction . 
We purchased the bank in June of last year so our 20 % equity stake . 
Where we have three large entities and having a competitive position coming from our economies of scale , this is where we can utilize that another group of topics . 
We 're reacting to the repercussions of the price war as well as the recommendations given by the Polish FSA as . 
What we experienced in our own portfolio in Q 1 we can say there was a lot of volatility what we 've observed on the markets is decline on the Polish Stock Exchange . 
Before we let you post your questions , let 's take a quick look at strategy where we are in terms of its execution if we look at Roe . 
Profit level : If we look at the overall profitability of the portfolio , I will have the same comment this quarter , especially the first three months of the year . 
And eight basis points of average loans for the full year . 
But on a full year basis increased by 18 % , as Dominic noted , We continue to make investments in our product capabilities and client - facing teams . 
The investments that you made , including the hiring in the fourth quarter , and we look at the macro backdrop , it feels better today than a year ago , Im just wondering in terms of when we look at your 10 % loan growth guidance is it . 
But with the tax changes and the salt provision , do you expect that to decelerate at all next year ? 
At that point , because it 's too early in the year or should - kilometre is it very realistic that we could actually see loan growth exceeding 2017 levels given where we are in the economy and maybe some tailwinds from the tax reform . 
To get their capital improvement projects out on the street , we 've never seen a problem at the local level when they pass a local measure of them getting the money out in the street within the next six to nine months . 
And they are starting to look at the jobs differently and just as granite started 12 - 18 months ago I see our competitors following with . 
And at conferences visiting our operations and investors around the country throughout 2019 , so please reach out to Ron and we will look forward to speaking with you and meeting with you . 
By completing these strategic acquisitions , we expanded our sound platform for growth that drives Granite 's diverse portfolio as America 's Infrastructural Company 2018 proved to be a year of significant evolution for a company that is nearly a century old . 
As we saw throughout much of 2018 , operational and financial trends held up until wet weather began impacting our business in late November . 
This work provides critical new balance to our transportation segment portfolio as we work to complete and mitigate the impact of three legacy unconsolidated joint venture projects . 
And that 's our job in the next six months through the end of August , our job is to work with Congress and the administration . 
So I do think that the market is changing and the competition would like to get back to the kind of earnings that they were making ten years ago instead of over the last . 
And bottom line performance for 2019 growth opportunities that for years were on the horizon are now at our doorsteps across the end markets and geographies that we serve . 
As we move into the spring months and into the summer I will say this , I think as we end 2019 you 're going to see more of the capital improvement projects . 
Is there any way you could give us I guess a little bit of guidance on what 's expected from that project in 2000 and 19 if ? 
Half of - is or the second half of 2018 , and we anticipate that to really ramp up nicely as we gain traction with granite being able to help . 
The erratic wet weather for the last six weeks of the year slowed much of our business in the West , similar to early 2017 Mother Nature 's influence has carried forward into the first couple of months . 
Discussions and conjecture point to infrastructure as the most logical area of agreement in Washington in 2019 we anticipate that a deal will be struck . 
As we 've increased our margin expectation certainly on the work that we 've procured over the last 12 months that margin has increased . 
In the number of agent branches or significant decline , I would expect it to sort of trade sideways that number of UK agency branches long term . 
We generated nearly 16 million leads to our comparison partners as consumers shopped around for the best deals on everything from the utility bills to their mortgage providers . 
I joined ZPG just over a year ago , and some of you might remember how nervous I used to make Rachael by counting and sharing the number of days in that I was , and I think she is really pleased that Ive stopped sharing that with you . 
Would save the average consumer three to four times more than a price cap would so those are the reasons why it 's not a great outcome for households if that becomes the policy I do n 't think it affects . 
In some sense , there 's a bit of a step change in some cost categories during half one : Can you give us more of a sense on how you expect ? 
There was a slight downtick in margin with these products , which we expect to see continued down to the 60 % to 65 % margin range . 
Very good one last question for Keith , you talked about the additional million dollars in savings should I think of that as being pure sort of front end cogs savings or does some of that come out of Opex as well . 
That was in our number and as we were kind of finalizing our results , we made a decision to kind of highlight that to investors and split that out into a non - gaap number and that kind of explains a . 
With the formation of the combined entity between ASE group and SPIL , there are a few less common accounting treatments which probably require more in - depth explanation . 
We have the most scale , and we are the most capable in short ase will be part of every solution so . 
Where that is for contribution from EMS now and outlook from that if you expect from all the movement in products . 
We 're in the process of ramping up we would like to have the next six months . 
From your China operations now and memory you had a few years ago with the power ase , but just how you see about how aggressive you want to be getting back . 
Please refer to page 2 of our presentation , which contains our safe harbor notice : I would like to remind everyone on this call that the presentation that follows may contain forward . 
For example , if SPIL had a piece of fully functional equipment that was fully depreciated zero book value . 
The decline in operating income is in large part related to extra costs incurred to ramp EMS capacity . 
We believe that the recording of PPA may give a fair assessment for the revaluation of assets post acquisition from a balance sheet perspective . 
Looking at our market opportunity on slide 9 , we are uniquely positioned to be the consolidator of choice in a fragmented us landscaping industry . 
Can you just explain what went wrong during the first three quarters of the fiscal '18 where organically that business was declining and what changed to lead us to growth and with that growth accelerating going into the next year ? 
However , excluding the impact of FX and the Morpheus discontinuance underlying net sales were down 1 % , we will fully anniversary both of these headwinds about halfway through our third fiscal quarter . 
On the ous side we continue to work with our distributor partners through the impact of last year 's currency fluctuation . 
As Joe discussed , We expected to begin regaining momentum in our VA business during the second quarter and it 's going to take longer than we anticipated . 
This would more than double free cash generation in the prior year or for that matter any of the last three fiscal years demonstrating the potential of the business following our recent period of integration investments . 
To make this investment in this technology and positions us to bring this product to market 6 to 12 months sooner than the current schedule . 
Also , the addition of our National Evlt Business Manager has shown positive early results . 
And most recently by a Health Technology Assessment Report published by NICE . 
And the approval of an RF device in Japan which will provide a very positive boost to the end of the year . 
The first half we saw a broader challenge in our VA business , which we now expect will continue into the second half of the year that said our second half guidance continues to represent top and bottom line growth and significant free cash generation . 
That the additional bandwidth it 's going to receive in the second half of this year will pay dividends , but it 's - kilometre we did n 't get to this and our forecast and our belief for this is not a 10 % business , but . 
And the FDA notified the company that we had resolved all outstanding warning letters and the letters were officially lifted . 
A recent positive development was the decision to suspend the medical device tax for two years . 
We believe this expansion will benefit the entire PV portfolio ; the team has successfully transitioned our entire FM business to this specialty organization starting in the third quarter and . 
We expended a significant effort in the first and second quarters , which we believe will pay dividends to our focused PV growth products in the second half of the year . 
The second story for VA does provide confidence for the franchise going forward : Bioflo sales continue to grow across all product offerings and sales of our recently launched products have been positive . 
To go into more detail on our operational excellence progress over the last two years , our manufacturing organization has executed on our plans to be more efficient . 
Improving pricing and to a lesser extent passing through elevated DRAM costs . 
We expect our cash conversion cycle to show improvement in Q 4 similar to last year as we further bring down inventory levels following strategic positioning of key commodities in prior quarters . 
And financial architecture laid out for you at the Securities Analyst meeting in 2000 and 17 Im looking forward to closing out the fiscal year with another strong quarter . 
We have more than offset recent unit declines and grown operational services orders our most profitable business for three consecutive quarters . 
To the board for all of their insights during this transformation and most importantly to all of my HPE colleagues for their support and dedication to make all of this happen . 
So minus , and that was pretty consistent with what we did in Q 2 , so again I think the best way to think about it . 
We had one in Q 1 , we just talked about one in Q 3 , so I would take that into account as you look at a year - over - year view I think rates are higher now than they were before , so I would take that into account as well . 
Yes , I mean just to give you some financial context around that I mean less than 5 % of our total cost of sales envelope . 
And the other thing to keep in mind is this is not just an hpe thing , this is an industry thing , so how will the competition in the industry ? 
Before handing the call over to Antonio , Let Me Remind You That This Call is being webcast , a replay of the webcast will be made available shortly after the call for approximately one year . 
From amacro perspective , it spending continues to be healthy with robust customer demand ; the market remains competitive , but pricing remains rational and we continue to pass through commodities costs . 
And then , as we think about the server business , will revenue growth in the foreseeable future come entirely from mix shift and aup increases or do you have any line of sight into ? 
We 'd expect to be at the high negative twenty - day range in Q 4 very similar to last year , so those are kind of the dynamics and I would n 't expect that to really change as we go forward . 
In addition to strong business performance , our efforts with HPE next continue to pay off as we build on the progress we made in the first half of the year . 
As you think about the relationship between orders and units keep in mind that roughly 25 % of total pointnext orders are related to new attach . 
So I mean the way I would think about it as we discussed before when you look at this business and you go back the last couple of years and 'eighteen is no different . 
Given how well you 've done - kilometre repositioning the business mix et cetera gen 10 in '18 , it would seem that there would even be a little bit more lift behind that so . 
Mix will also play an impact so we 're going to continue to mix up and grow the higher margin pieces of the portfolio we 've got some nice traction in '18 we 'd expect that . 
After rounds 1 and 2 we have been able to make some changes in our supply chain motion and think there is minimal risk from a financial perspective . 
So As You Can See 2017 was an active year of beginning to reposition trimas and investing for our future , all while delivering solid results . 
Because we have an established technical centre in India within Trimas , we are exploring adding engineering resources to our aerospace team thereby adopting a similar 24 s hour engineering model . 
Related to a reduction in the level of past due shipments from earlier in 2016 as we ramped production levels and improved manufacturing efficiencies in the second half . 
We anticipate capital expenditures to be in the 3 % to 3 1 / 2 % range as we complete some of the more significant investments from the past years . 
On a per share basis , this represents an increase of 4 % over the first quarter of this year . 
The second quarter we 'll get the full benefit of the lion 's share of savings out of Oib in the third quarter . 
Id like to remind everyone again of the impact that the two merger closings in January . 
Credit quality will continue to be a primary focus of our team , as we move forward moving on to mortgage and insurance the tables on slide 10 provide a five - quarter look at our results for each product offering . 
We 're looking for folks where there is a cultural fit where there is a business model fit where one plus one is going to be more than two , and we continue to believe there are opportunities out there for us , we just need to make sure we find the right ones . 
Or approximately 4 % annualized we are pleased to have this level of growth , particularly in light of the competitive pressures , and the anticipated runoff we experienced in our acquired loan balances as we worked through the integrations of our two merger partners . 
We are also optimistic about the opportunity to continue the improvement during the second half of the year as we realize more of the cost savings associated with the two mergers . 
Having gone through two conversions in the first half of 2018 , we are particularly pleased with this level of loan growth for the quarter and the ability of our new merger partners had exhibited in holding on to relationships during this transition . 
They came in on January the 15 th and so you 've got some lagging stuff coming through behind that this quarter we had a full quarter on both of those . 
As well as the absolute Ebitda , this is also the first quarter where we have included the Bhushan steel financials for the full quarter in our results . 
So the EU has also - minute the European Commission has also taken some steps so there is a window in which you can send steel into Europe as long as it is . 
Similar to what you were sending earlier and beyond that there is a 25 % duty on whatever comes in , so there is a protection available in EU and at this point in time because the domestic markets in both India and China have been strong . 
And in terms of the proposed JV , have you already started working on who ? 
So if you see , the Ebitda has improved as compared to the previous quarter because the steel prices have been quite stable . 
Mostly in the eu that you 're trying to divest and there has n 't been any more talk about that since then , so what 's the status on that ? 
Additionally , the agreement will provide better certainty in the NGL differentials , and when combined with our strong hedge book will give Rex more protection and stability of our quarterly cash flows . 
To continue that drilling program beyond HBP and I think what the team is looking at now is identifying where the best pads are in the field that we can go back to . 
I know we 've talked in the past about Westmoreland and Clearfield , I think based on kind of where we think pricing is going to go and since that 's a very pdp heavy asset . 
And then on average to compare to NYMEX we would expect that rate to be at the high end or slightly above it correct . 
Turning to operations , Id like to go over the second quarter results , and some of the changes we have made to our current two - year plan - operational plan . 
Even with this slight delay , the timing for compression will continue to allow the company to achieve our previously released 2018 financial and operational plans . 
Under the events and presentations tab to find full explanations and reconciliations of these non - gaapmeasures . 
Should we incubate some of those products in a new distribution system , let them reach a certain size before you put them in the main DSD system because clearly they need to be incubated in a different place in the store , especially in the single 's serve channels . 
And fifth , it will drive higher cash on cash returns on us capital projects , as capital spending for the next five years will be immediately deductible for tax purposes . 
As we look to 'eighteen , do we still expect this trajectory to continue and operating cost savings to cover for that ? 
So I guess the question is : How do you - is , or how should we think about the ROI on all these reinvestments is this just simply - Investments is this just symptomatic of a higher cost of growth structurally as you work through changes at the retail and consumer level ? 
Is sensible and something that we know for sure we can deliver and that 's why organic revenue growth at least in line with 2000 and 17 is a sensible guidance . 
On Q 3 we may have gotten our balance a little bit off and we 're course correcting that balance so . 
Since many of our remarks today will concern our expectations for the future , they are subject to numerous risk factors as elaborated upon in our ten - k , ten - q and other filings . 
Thanks HAL moving to slide 6 , our operations team continues to demonstrate operational excellence as our drilling efficiencies improve our returns on capital deployed . 
Turning to slide 10 actuals compared to guidance production was in line with the midpoint of guidance despite proactively shutting in production in Appalachia due to low regional natural gas prices . 
As an organization we 're proud of the accomplishments to reduce debt over the past six months , however , clearly need - 10 - more needs to be accomplished . 
We want to work with you and we want to be your partner , and if you do n 't , we probably do n 't want work with you and we do n 't care how much mi . 
As a result of the amendments , these contracts as well as all other current GSE risk share transactions are now accounted for as insurance contracts . 
Where do you think you are versus where you set out to be and what are the sort of pluses and minuses over those three years ? 
Our press release also includes non - GAAP financial measures that may be discussed during today 's call . 
Compared to 57 basis points for the second quarter and 55 basis points for the third quarter a year ago . 
The complete description of these measures and the reconciliation to GAAP may be found in an exhibit L in our press releases for both the third and second quarters of 2000 and 16 as well as on our website . 
Also please note that we will discuss certain non - GAAP financial measures in this call reconciliations on a GAAP basis for these measures are included in today 's press release . 
As the results of these - in as a result of these steps early this year , we are on track to achieve our leverage target of approximately three and a half times at the end of this fiscal year . 
Now if we look at the full year fiscal '19 outlook and you can turn to slide 8 for that . 
To be very blunt , the only thing we saw in the quarter was a little bit of weakness in Hhi , so we expect a little bit more sales there . 
We still expect a strong performance from HHI this year , driven by strong innovation such as the recent unveiling of a new line of Wi - fienenabled halo smart locks at the consumer electronics show just this past January . 
But if I get a new win today , a new listing today , I do n 't ship it for six months in that business , so that 's really where we see kind of the June and September quarter being much stronger in that particular unit . 
If I could have everyone turn to slide 7 now turning specifically to the quarter , Q 1 is traditionally the smallest quarter of our year , and we delivered results that were generally in line with our expectations . 
Hurricane recovery revenue in retail : It was also driven by two significant nonrepeating promotional loadings last year . 
And we still think we have a pretty solid year in Hhi , obviously it 's going to take us a couple of quarters to get appliances stood back up and reinvest . 
We also successfully completed the divestiture and deconversion of the previously disclosed five branch locations in columbus indiana and Greensburg , Indiana . 
Forecasting there in the third quarter compared to the second quarter , so two of the big things one is , we 're forecasting lower . 
We made substantial progress on our cost - saving activities during the quarter as we completed the consolidation of 41 banking centres . 
Further cost saves will continue to phase in over the coming quarters and are expected to be fully realized by the end of 2000 and 18 ; these milestones were important steps that enable us to successfully execute our strategy . 
As shown on Slide 7 loan and Deposit Mix were relatively unchanged post merger . 
We are committed to maximizing synergies between the two legacy companies and will continue to identify opportunities for future efficiency . 
On February 7 , we shared that new vision with our global employee community at an event broadcast from Alice Tully Hall in New York City . 
All grew double digits in Q 4 in both online and meetings , with particular outperformance from online . 
On a global basis , member average length of stay continues to be more than nine months for members in both meetings and online plans , and this reflects improvements in the member experience . 
Not another company , our competition is the 90 percent - plus of people believing they can become healthy or lose weight on their own . 
Building on this very encouraging start to 2018 and to create the kind of future impact we want weight watchers to have . 
Today healthy is the new skinny increasingly people who join weight watchers are interested in something more than getting into a size 8 Jean ; they want to feel healthy and happy at every size . 
For 55 years , Weight Watchers has inspired people to come together and begin a journey of positive lasting change . 
But if we 're truly to become a health and wellness brand , we have to inspire people to be healthier all year long , so in 2018 we 're introducing a new campaign globally summer of impact . 
And we 'll create new ways for those who have n 't tried weight watchers to experience our community , ww cruise is a great example . 
Guiding to 300 basis points improvement in 18 , it just shows how well this business model responds . 
The remainder of my comments : Im going to speak to the midpoint of our full year EPs range and on a constant currency basis . 
The key components of the impairments and unusual items are outlined on slide 7 of our investor presentation and Ill talk briefly to the key - to each of the 5 categories in the table . 
That process and the consequential accounting adjustments are very deliberate and focused on simplifying AHGs operations so that we are ready and able to capitalize on opportunities . 
In addition to this , we 've done a broader review of all of our recent it investments to ensure that any residual exposures are now addressed we consider this review as complete and now final . 
However , RL has not met our budget expectations for the reporting period , and this triggered a review of the carrying value of the intangible balances . 
That is evident in the Waterfall chart on Slide 8 , which takes you through the key movements from the prior half year . 
And the momentum coming out of the first half will continue into H 2 now is the right time to review the options to take this business forward . 
We had circa - in I think it was 500 cars that were fully written off , so our deliveries in the first half were negatively impacted by our inability to deliver not only new car stock that was sitting . 
With more than 300 patients enrolled , we believe that the advocate trial is the largest randomized controlled clinical trial of a novel drug candidate . 
The advocate trial will assess the durability of Avacopan 's impact on safety and efficacy over a sustained one year of treatment . 
Half of the C 3 G patients will be on the empirically derived standard of care . 
These two trials are now proceeding in parallel and actively enrolling patients . 
We are now focused on completing the trial with high - quality data sets and in preparing for our submission to the FDA so that we can file as rapidly as possible . 
The trial is not only blinded but quite large relative to the C 3 G orphan patient population . 
As you can see again on our last slide slide 10 , our relentless pursuit of advancing clinical development has led us to the threshold of an exciting future . 
The possibility that we might actually convert also to having superiority at week 52 , but I will stress in terms of regulatory precedents . 
To be able to start entertaining the discussion with agents - 1 agencies or at least knowing what we need to do in the next step to bring home a definitive answer in the nephrotic FSGs so . 
These risks are described in the company 's filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including the company 's annual report on Form 10 - K . 
I Will Outline for You : How This Is Lining Up for a Beautiful Choreography of Releasing Three Key Sets of Top Line Data in Quick Succession Starting in the Coming Year . 
The advocate trial itself is big news for our company and more importantly for the patients . 
Based on emerging science and on expert investigator feedback and with the aim of having the most comprehensive and controlled trial ever attempted in C 3 G , WE . 
We are completing the advocate trial and preparing to share top line data in the fourth quarter of this coming year . 
I would say that overall the patient populations in the advocate trial . 
And then the only other question I have was just with the - 10 s are you going to release the interim data from the HS study . 
Also a very good question , the short answer is no , and the reason is the way we 've set up the trial is that we will collect all of the data on 52 weeks . 
And if it scales the way , it did in Phase II with Avacopan that will be a very powerful discussion with those agencies . 
The remainder of this first quarter shortfall was execution related and while these revenues should shift forward in 2000 and 16 we expected to capture them in the first quarter . 
Resulting in the associated move from our OE customers to seize that opportunity for efficiency , including inventory rationalization . 
We 're closely working with our customers to bid new programs with Rolls - Royce , Safran , GE and UTC that will generate aftermarket revenues going forward . 
However , for us , a potential offset to that could be additional demand for Cs - 130 s in addition to these military . 
While seeing a continuation of our transitional status into 2016 is disappointing , we are working as best as we can to get this work done and in the meantime to better anticipate and respond to the challenges we see externally . 
Which are more apparent today than they were last fall when we first presented guidance for fiscal 2016 as Curtis has already mentioned . 
So that is real and tangible , the fact that I can go put my finger on our four problem sites that are not really hitting on all cylinders is encouraging to me . 
Within that , if you parse it out where you 're maybe seeing a little surprise to the upside or you 're seeing anything , that 's giving you a little more confidence here heading into the next three quarters . 
I know you said you 're not looking at selling the entire enterprise , but why not take a look at selling these four plants or other specific businesses that have been chronically problematic yes ? 
While we knew these factors were a risk for the year , the headwinds firmed up earlier than anticipated and begin impacting us within the last 90 days . 
Ill call out a couple of factors affecting the comparison incremental revenue from the DAT acquisition was partially offset by a negative impact from foreign currency . 
We continue to evaluate our assumptions on commercial OE in general . 
Specific to the E 3 program , we now have lean transformation activities either planned or being implemented in nearly 3 million square feet of space throughout our global operations . 
Again , Im very encouraged by the initial leading indicators that Im seeing as we deploy the E 3 lean transformation across the business . 
We launched Wave 3 of the initiative in January identifying several more product areas to focus on and business functional spending targets that can be improved upon . 
The income tax rate in the quarter was a net benefit of OH . 3 % ; this benefit was the result of the lower net income and discrete benefits . 
Turning to our revised guidance for the year as I have described the slow start to 2000 and 16 was the result of a combination of factors in three platforms which led directly . 
We needed to do that to open up a bunch of footprint because we 're integrating DAT and another business that was n 't even one of our Big Six integration projects into that same footprint , which is going to work really well , it fits the model perfectly . 
The primary adjustment is to add the month of October 2014 into the first quarter and shift the other months appropriately . 
There was kind of no heads up of that when you reported November 19 , so . 
In New York on June 7 , and we 'll be sending out the invitation for that soon so if you would like to make sure you 're on that invitation list , please e - mail . 
Of course you could find our earnings , release and reconciliations of all non - gaap financial measures referred to in our remarks also on our website . 
In fact , a number of our luxury and upper - upscale pipeline rooms exceed that of our next three largest global competitors combined . 
Absolutely entirely - 10 essentially entirely from rate , which does help us to the extent of trying to hold on to as much margin as we can , however , we have typically thought about needing about 3 % revpar growth to hold on to margin . 
The Commission reduction is not likely to have much of an impact in 2018 that will build over the years ahead as more new bookings get made . 
It is what has driven us to not just acquire Starwood , but to try and compete with 30 different brands and have the kind of . 
Marriott is a company with amore than 90 - year history of creating value for its shareholders and we are committed to continuing to do so . 
These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as described in our SEC filings . 
In places such as Oklahoma , North Dakota , and Louisiana to name a few excluding Houston , we note that revpar for our hotels in these us markets . 
Luxury hotels in Miami benefited from Florida and Caribbean hotels still out of service from the 2017 Hurricanes . 
Ive looked through every individual hotel that left the system in the first quarter of 2018 ; it 's never a surprise to see that many of those hotels . 
We look forward to rolling our hotels onto a single reservation system in stages , with the first group of hotels converting in the fall of 2018 , and finally we expect owners will continue to see significant cost savings . 
The change in commission rates triggered a considerable number of new group bookings in the first quarter , largely for meetings taking place in 2020 and beyond . 
We believe incentive fees will increase at a roughly 10 % rate , which is faster than we previously modeled largely due to the stronger revpar and margin growth in the Asia Pacific region . 
Pulling two big companies like this together and two sales forces and the uncertainty that comes from that . 
Something like 40 hotels open , Shanghai is the most international city in China ; our hotels are skewed dramatically towards the high - end . 
Because when we add up the credit card , the fx , the revpar and the units , it almost seems to point to something in the teens . 
We caution you that the actual results could differ materially from those that are indicated in these forward - looking statements due to a variety of factors information concerning these factors can be found in the company 's filings with the SEC . 
This year 's budget is expected to be roughly 50 - 50 as we look toward next year and assuming commodity prices stay similar . 
And so that capital is available to redirect into drilling , so I feel good about this year , I feel good about where we 're going in 2020 and we 'll stay that program . 
So the way I look at this year next year is we 're going to basically use up about 40 ducs in our inventory . 
We would expect this allocation to continue to weight heavier to the scoop over time . 
As we heighten our focus on returns in 2000 and 19 , we look to allocate capital to the highest return prospects within the portfolio . 
A bulk of our capital in the first half because we have this DUC inventory : I really want to get on production . 
Furthermore , as the company 's asset base continues to develop , we forecast that our base level corporate decline shallows and assuming amaintenance capital scenario in 2000 and 20 similar to this year . 
Should commodity prices improve late this year or in 2020 we foresee this as temporary and would remain disciplined to our program . 
Probably past the midpoint of the year to get a sense of what it looks like , but the plan in 2000 and 20 is to do the same thing to be fully hedged and to protect that program given the volatility in the markets . 
And so I see us being fully hedged in 2020 , the real question is at what point we do that I have a little bit of amore optimistic view , but . 
In our prepared remarks we may use some non - gaap financial measures ; reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable gaapmeasure are available in the supplemental section of our press release . 
The majority of the 3 . 9 point increase in the underlying property loss ratio was related to these storms , and this adverse weather contributed to an increase in underlying auto comprehensive frequency in the quarter . 
And 70 years of history and understanding this segment , so getting our hands around that . 
Investment results were strong across all three operating segments , and life and mortality was modestly favorable to actuarial models . 
The underlying auto combined ratio for the quarter included about one point of current accident year reserve strengthening related to the elevated loss trends we 've been discussing . 
Which remains strong at 84 % , in addition to overall rate , we are enhancing claim practices with an eye towards improving efficiencies and our customers experience . 
Adverse weather has weighed on auto results for most of 2016 , and we expect that trend to continue into the fourth quarter historically our underlying auto loss ratio was elevated by five to six points in the fourth quarter . 
Several factors that could cause or contribute to such differences are described in detail in the risk factors section of the clean energy 's form 10 - Q filed May 5 , 2000 , and 16 these forward - looking statements speak only as of the date of this release . 
These carriers are responsible for the majority of all USPs transportation missions as part of their contract renewals ; the postal service is starting to require its outside carriers to use natural gas where it is cost - effective . 
Our 12 % increase in revenue in the first quarter was driven by a better effective price per gallon on higher volume . 
The company 's non - gaap EPs and adjusted Ebitda will be reviewed on this call and excludes certain expenses that the company 's management does not believe are indicative of the company 's core operating business results . 
Non - GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to GAAP results . 
In addition , comments may also include non - gaap financial measures ; those measures are reconciled to the comparable gaapmeasures and are included in the press release and the earnings slide materials . 
And it was the indirect impact that really we think is one of the drivers of the red material cost inflation that you see on page 14 and that . 
It had actually increased pretty significantly in Q 1 as a result of borrowing to fund the Aclara acquisition in February , so a lot of hard work from the team went into reducing that balance from the Q 1 level . 
I think on the D - side it 's much more - 2 there has been some construction supported by . 
Let me first discuss our progress toward reestablishing high quality uninterrupted manufacturing supply , the most critical corporate objective for Sientra for the past 18 months . 
To scale manufacturing of our highest demand , Skus ahead of FDA approval so that we can continue offer this broad portfolio . 
Specifically , we are removing noncash items for this non - gaapmeasure ; we believe this metric is a better proxy for measuring the success of a high growth organization . 
As a reminder , I would like to reiterate that we expect our breast product sales to remain steady in similar to 2016 levels . 
As we disclosed on our last call , we submitted our PMA supplement . 
Since we acquired the products in the fourth quarter of 2016 and we are encouraged by our physician customer reaction and the base we have for expansion into the reconstruction market . 
Through our precision controlled launch leading up to resupply , as we have previously stated , we remain on track to have full scale inventory levels in the second half of 2018 following PMA approval of the Vesta facility . 
Our plan to achieve comprehensive full - scale manufacturing is on track and we are diligently preparing for the pending FDA inspection of our facility ahead of anticipated approval by the end of this year . 
With continued confidence for approval as we 've said before by year end 2 oh 17 second , we continued the execution of precision controlled launch strategy . 
To the FDA on March 13 , slightly ahead of plan putting us one step closer to final approval of new commercial production and resupply , we 're continuing to work with our team and very experienced consultants . 
In the second half of 2017 we remain on track to meet our supply objectives for the back half of this year and beyond and look forward to leveraging this unique technology . 
We also outlined our planned priorities for 2017 and our longer term goal of becoming a leading diversified global aesthetics company . 
We have also just completed a rebranding effort for Biocorneum to elevate the premium messaging and look at the product to more closely align with the Sientra Premium Image . 
That steady - there could be a little dip going into Q 2 because you always wonder about what the orders look like as you go into Q 2 , especially if you got some orders towards the end of the quarter in Q 1 , but there was a lot of focus on our sales force . 
And finally , regulatory capital ratios all exceed the levels required to be considered well capitalized , and the tangible common equity ratio increased from seven39 % and at the end of the first quarter to seven76 % as of the end of the second quarter . 
These statements are not a guarantee of future performance , and results may differ materially from those projected I ask you to refer to our SEC filings for a full discussion of the company 's risk factors . 
Additional information on our hedge positions can be found in our investor presentation and in our information on file with the SEC . 
And finally we will use non - gaap financial measures in this morning 's discussion to help our unitholders and the investment community better understand our operating performance . 
The investor presentation available on our website includes an appendix that reconciles these non - gaap financial measures to gaapmeasures . 
But I think what gives it us is that there 's opportunities that we see in there , where through the - kilometre perhaps the rofo that we had as part of the midstream transaction and some other activities that other parts of the organization are undertaking . 
Turning to slide , Seven Luminant once again delivered strong commercial performance during the quarter . 
Of the overall power pricing environment in Ercot is that low power prices are being driven by lower heat rates . 
Nevertheless , the electricity market structure in Ercot is in our view the most constructive for retail competition , particularly those with a strong set of capabilities . 
That resulted from the mild weather in the quarter , but the impact of the lower volumes was partially offset by Txu Energy 's strong margin management and the customer account performance . 
For example , in Ercot , the retail electric provider has full ownership of the customer relationship , including performing the billing function and customer service , with the exception of outages which is handled by the Wires company . 
The integrated nature of our business provides the platform to achieve what we believe will be attractive economic and Ebitda contributions once the project is commercially operational , which we expect to be in line in the summer couple of other points on this . 
There 's less pressure and probably the time to implement anything out of EPA has moved out in time . 
Not a lot of investments being announced and we would n 't expect any in the future frankly zero on the combined cycle plant side of things that you see that the market has finally reached . 
As you know , there are a number of opportunities that may be out there given the low pricing in Ercot : We see them to be plentiful with potential for strong economics . 
On the leading edge of changing customer needs and through our research we expect our new product combining two of the elements . 
I do n 't know if Churn will ever go to zero , I can tell you our goal as a company is to be as flat as we can and also grow . 
On the funding side our total average deposit rate at the end of this quarter was 73 basis points , including the impact of non - interest - bearing . 
Less than 5 % of our multifamily book is in Texas , with most of these properties located in Dallas or Austin . 
But I think that it 's probably just best to stick with that guidance in the three80 % to 4 % range for that . 
We 've seen the first signs in 'sixteen of positive net new money coming from the new joiners , but I think it should come through . 
So if the markets are more or less where they are the FX do not go crazy , then you can calculate that in one two years we will be again well capitalized from our own capital generation . 
Globally , that will take us to 2020 , there are a series of other important project and initiative that we need to carry through to continue developing the firm and continuing growing the firm successfully . 
But obviously , with the prospect of net new money and then obviously contribution to the bottom line in the next 24 months , the vast majority of these bankers joined us in Switzerland on the Swiss platform in Asia and in Monaco . 
Plus , in view of the introduction of the automatic information exchanges of 1 st of January 2000 and 18 i think that beyond that point we should see outflows due to regularization tailing off across the sector so . 
Clients that are direct clients of the firm will be on this platform and then the three basis points should come through on the entirety of the asset base in scope . 
In line with that , I think you 've seen over the last two years we 've started . 
To take a decision on what is the best for us as a firm and obviously for the shareholders , we 'll balance that between the two next question on the phone . 
And with the agenda that is currently being pursued , we understand that it 's more of a refocus on us interest that will leave a big space out there that will have to be filled by someone . 
We 're in 'seventeen focusing on the European booked clients , and then we will take care of the Asian clients on the discretionary side you 've seen we 've . 
The third pillar of our strategy is continued : Large investment in infrastructure and technology I mean in 2000 and 16 we 've invested the most . 
It 's not that we 're not investing on the Swiss platform , but we started with the front application you may have seen in 16 we rolled out . 
A mix of GDP growth and ultimately amix of interest rates going up where people will not want to sit on the sideline and give up opportunities to generate revenues . 
We will continue to make major investments into three areas , which we believe underpins the business model of Julius Baer first . 
And then we 'll see whether the GDP trend the first few decimals that we 've seen moving in the right direction , be it in Europe or in other parts of the world . 
Moving forward , there are two ways how we 're going to be engaging with the client either on an advisory basis . 
Created in 16 , a new division that focuses solely on managing money for clients , and here again we deployed our services in different levels . 
OK , you could argue that before the 2000 and 8 crisis it was an environment where clients believed in a bright future and therefore were holding less cash to create returns in the market . 
Been with the group for 34 years will go into retirement at the end of this year on grounds of age , so that 's also an opportunity for us to refresh the leadership team and I need to lead . 
We 'll go back to the phone , we have the next three questions from the phone . 
Below one million that is not directly connected to a bigger relationship and . 
These include adding clinical sites and increasing enrollment in the ongoing Phase II clinical trial . 
As we have said consistently , our goal is to initiate a first pivotal registration study for Tipifarnib in 2018 and Im very pleased with the team 's progress toward achieving this important objective . 
We are encouraged by our results that demonstrate the KO - 539 has the potential to be active in subtypes representing approximately half of patients with AML and drive robust and persisting responses in preclinical models . 
We are very excited by our data in HRAS mutant head and neck cancer , and the promise it offers to patients we are squarely focused on delivering on our goals and look forward to sharing our continued progress with you . 
In New York on November , 16 more details to follow if you have any additional questions in the meantime . 
That covers the update on our product candidate development programs Ill now turn the call over to Heidi for discussion of the financial results for the third quarter of 2017 Heidi . 
Needed to move this program from where it is today as a positive phase II into pivotal development and I alluded to some of that in the prepared remarks relating to . 
This very impressive Phase II data set that not only we 're talking about , but we find the investigators are talking about amongst themselves . 
Response rates for the three agents approved in the second line are in the range of 13 % to 16 % , and median overall survival is 6 to 8 months . 
We believe that our current cash cash equivalents and short - term investments will be sufficient to fund current operations into 2019 with that I will now turn the call back over to Troy . 
The very high level of clinical activity both in terms of the response rate 4 out of the first 6 patients responding as well as the durability , so what that means in terms of thinking about a pivotal trial is . 
Understanding it has n 't closed yet , but when we 're looking out to fiscal 17 and beyond , can you just give us a sense for what the sort of margin profile looks like whether ? 
Others will realize that they did need it and there 'll be another kind of surge in sales , I think in 16 so . 
Through 16 kind of calendar year , because I think some things will fall out - in , I think some clients will fall out and realize they should have had the product . 
That refer to future events and thus involve risk refer to the usual disclosures , as Marty indicated second quarter financial results for fiscal 2000 and 16 represented a continuation of the solid start we had to the year . 
While both are doing fine , they just simply do n 't - 6 - are not as strong , as they were in the prior year for the fourth quarter , we expect HRS revenue growth will be within the full year range in addition . 
Should we think of the ACA compliance offering as having been a significant part of bookings and something that ? 
And it 's really nothing more than the fact that under 50 , we 're minus we were . 
We think that 'll really start to come down towards end of the year as the economy picks up and in 2019 you should start to see a convergence back . 
The probable extension of the OPEC agreement until 2019 and a possible Iranian supply shock counteract those forces . 
This is the lowest reading of inflation since the end of 2014 , and well within the central bank 's target range of 2 % to 4 % , the significant decrease in inflation has been driven by lower variations in food and tradable prices . 
But our goal is to continue to drive growth in the business at that 4 % to 5 % range over the . 
That continues to be a part of the productivity story in PSM when we can add a new asset and close a facility get rid of overhead . 
We continued to win in the higher value segments of the business performance : Athletic is a good example where growth has been consistently strong better than 15 % annually over the past couple of years . 
Reflecting the timing of various rollouts where we continue to expect sales to be up about 15 % for the full year . 
And we 'll leverage our leadership position in RFID to build partnerships and grow share within the core business . 
On the actions you 're taking now in terms of benefit for 17 and later . 
We 've been at or above the high end of our long - term target range for organic sales growth for the past two quarters . 
And while we had been improving the operating margin each year in the business , we fell behind in the trajectory needed to achieve our 2018 targets . 
This product continues to be very well received by users ; daily active user is approaching 10 million . 
Such as Xingyun and Super Vip service . 
Our earnings release was distributed yesterday and it is now available on our IR website as well as newswire service . 
Our mobility effort is anchored around two broad fronts . 
The bigger revenues from the Master Service agreement with Tim related to the sites . 
Moving to Slide 11 : Let Me Show You Our Historical Economic Performance from the First Q Pro Forma to Present Day . 
As a result of the higher policy obligations , we now estimate that the underwriting margin percentage for our direct response operations will be in the range of 17 % to 19 % for the year . 
And will transition all administration to silverscript early in 2000 and 17 the net proceeds from the sale are expected to be offset . 
Our strong results in 2015 reflect our continued progress with the year playing out essentially as we planned . 
We continue to drive down overhead cost as a percentage of revenue leveraging ZBB to identify areas of opportunity and capture the savings . 
Creates an approximately 50 basis point headwind , so we 're now likely to be at the lower end of that range . 
We 'll talk more about our strong cash flow generation at the upcoming Cagny conference . 
And I think the things that we 're executing today have resulted in the progress we 've made thus far , and they 're the same things that are going to drive us through 'eighteen , it 's as I said earlier , it 's not really a new . 
Between our competitive position and our customer response making sure that it 's a net positive impact so in the near term , particularly in 2016 , the bulk of the - of our strategic actions are - s will continue to be focused . 
As you can see on slide 8 , our organic growth accelerated sequentially as the year progressed while our share performance was strongest in the fourth quarter . 
We also expect to continue to reduce overheads as we execute our ZBB program as we adjust our organization model and we realize the first savings from migrating back - office processes to global shared services . 
We expect to deliver this margin target by continuing to focus on three things : first productivity gains from our supply chain , these are funded and in our plan , and we 're now expanding and replicating amodel that 's working . 
As you know , JDE is a private company , so we wo n 't share significant detail on their results or projections ; JDE management expects performance to be pressured this year . 
I think the bigger picture point on Skus Sku reduction is really about allowing us to focus on the power brands . 
Our advantaged platform provides us with the potential to be among the fastest - growing consumer companies with substantial margin upside and strong EPS growth . 
As expected , higher prices were the key driver contributing about seven percentage points of growth . 
That was largely related to the 90 - basis point impact of our strategic actions to improve revenue mix , as well as the price elasticity we experienced earlier in the year . 
We would have expected to be at the high end of the committed range of 15 % to 16 % had we not deconsolidated Venezuela . 
In 2015 , as we began to transition key processes in many cases , we maintained duplicate resourcing until we were confident that the migration was successful . 
Over the five - year period , all of that while still generating Double - digit EPs growth and strong cash flow , so we think our underlying business fundamentals are quite solid , there 's obviously a lot of moving pieces in this challenging environment . 
And the reality is that we still have investments to make as part of executing and building the supply chain capabilities to deliver on the 2000 and 18 targets we just talked about so . 
These statements are based on how we see things today ; actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties ; please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10 s q - 10 s k and 10 s q filings . 
While also returning significant cash to our shareholders since we began this journey three years ago . 
We also reduced overheads by leveraging zero - based budgeting and other tools , and we 're beginning to institutionalize our approach to cost management . 
In sum , we 're pleased with our overall financial performance in 2015 , as well as with the excellent progress we made in the transformation . 
As you saw in our press release today effective at the end of the fourth quarter , we deconsolidated our Venezuela operations and we began to account for our investments in Venezuela using the cost method of accounting in our GAAP financial statements . 
But it 's no secret that 2016 is expected to be another challenging year on slide 16 ; you can see various issues that are affecting all categories , not just ours . 
As an investor in JDE , we remain very confident in the long - term potential of the business and believe it will create significant value for its shareholders . 
Maybe slide 12 today is this something you might be willing to do again at some point regarding 2000 , and 18 's margin Im just trying to get a better idea of specifically which line items grow when sense of timing and so forth . 
There is an inherent risk that our actual results could differ materially ; you can find our disclosures about risk factors that can potentially contribute to such differences in our 10 - K , which we are filing today . 
The Rosewood Miramar Beach Hotel for Caruso Enterprises , the Newark Airport Terminal 1 in New Jersey for the Port Authority in New York . 
Mainly due to contributions from the Newark Airport Terminal 1 project and the favorable closeout adjustment on a courthouse project in California . 
The increase was largely due to contributions from the Newark Airport Terminal 1 project and the technology project in California . 
However , we believe that our operating cash generation in 2000 and 19 will be substantially improved and we are again targeting operating cash for the year to be in excess of net income . 
And the fact of the matter is an owner today is fortunate if he gets two bids . 
There 's never been an instance in my 50 years of consequence that the federal government ever clawed back or was able to claw back committed funds . 
Civil segment revenue was up 14 % compared to the fourth quarter of last year , primarily as a result of progress on the Newark Airport Terminal 1 project . 
And we feel the potential to be concluded in 2000 and 19 , and the real issue will be very candidly whether Im willing . 
And really extraordinary , if he gets three , that 's the market we 're in having said that we still have our limits physically and intellectually about how much more we can take . 
And a business that in my opinion increased government spending does n 't affect us because we 're simply not going to pursue significant growth in a business that at best generates 2 % pretax margins . 
We are stymied in many areas , continue to be , and I expect to have ameeting in the next two weeks and try to in some manner determine when we can gear back up . 
And a very significant amount of our unbilled total as Ive said previously , and as we reviewed , in - house comes due to put it bluntly or I do n 't know how else to define it in the next 12 months . 
On the west coast we continue to ramp up our work on Purple Line Section 2 in Los Angeles with the construction of the tunnel launch pit commencing in . 
We continue in negotiations on three major claims have received significant offers on two of them , although not adequate . 
However , I would note that while we 're pleased with the strong fourth quarter civil margin , we do n 't expect a 15 % margin to be the norm at least not yet . 
I do n 't even know how we could possibly even handle it , there are so many major projects teeing up for the next 12 to 18 months . 
When in fact our civil business were anticipating 10 % to 12 % and potentially increases in that because of the lack of competition . 
Our growing backlog provides the foundation upon which I expect to deliver revenue growth and increased earnings over the next three to five years . 
We continue to talk , we hope to bring those to conclusion over the next 90 days , but we have not been able to conclude any as yet . 
On an annual basis we now expect civil operating margins to be at the upper end of the 10 % - 12 % margin range that we have historically seen in civil group if not slightly higher . 
Of general and maintenance capital expenditures for 2000 and 19 , in addition , keep in mind that for certain of our large civil projects we purchase equipment that is entirely owner funded . 
In an industry where nobody 's left , I keep saying it , but the truth is in the pudding , we have now got three straight . 
However , setting aside Washington , the truth of the matter is New York State , which is one of our two major . 
Let 's begin with the quarter we 're now about halfway through executing the financial strategy we announced 18 months ago as this quarter 's results show we 're making solid progress on key aspects of our plan and we 're on track to meet our goals for the year . 
The strong margin performance in Q 2 has set us up nicely to absorb wage increases and promotions . 
The full year favorable revenue impact from currency is expected to be approximately 60 basis points . 
Along with other investments in the business in the second half of the year while staying on track to achieve our non - gaap operating margin target of approximately 21 % this year . 
These statements are subject to the risk and uncertainties as described in the company 's earnings release and other filings with the SEC , including our form 10 - Q , to be filed later today . 
In summary , our solid execution in Q 2 along with continued investment in the business . 
In light of both increased competition and our belief that APUs is now attracting better quality students with improved persistence and conversion rates . 
And are included as an exhibit to our current report on Form 8 s K furnished with the SEC earlier today . 
As well as the opportunity for nursing and healthcare education more broadly , and we are pleased by the progress , the team at HCN is making to further strengthen the institution for bright future . 
Moving on to page 3 over the last several years , we 've remained steadfast in our commitment to affordability while working to stabilize enrollment and prepare our institution for the future . 
Cost savings from the previously announced voluntary reduction in force completed APRIL 1 are tracking towards the top end of the 2018 Savings Range . 
As a result of various factors including the risk factors described in the risk factor section and elsewhere in the company 's most recent annual report on Form 10 - K . 
These and other attributes have helped Amu to become a leader in serving military and veteran communities . 
There are currently limited treatment options for this disease , and if approved , Imbruvica would be the first and the only therapy . 
In addition to Rova - T , we have four Stemcentrx assets in the clinic and we are on track to transition several additional programs into human trials this year . 
Whoever - kilometre whatever biosimilars want to enter this market , they 're going to have to navigate their way through that IP and I still feel as confident as I did when we communicated that to you back . 
Having said that though Id say then , if you look at 2 - 9 - 3 other large categories , they have different risks associated with them from a probability of success . 
Earlier this month we presented detailed results from the Phase II study in uterine fibroids at the meeting of the Society of Endometriosis and Uterine Disorders . 
And so that 's just an anomaly in the data , it 's going to correct itself as we lap it , and I think actually IMS is going to try to correct it at some point here going forward , they are publishing . 
So what we 're looking for in Trinity is something that really changes that picture something that shows response rates that are . 
And that exchange had about a 30 - basis point impact and obviously exchange rates are going to move around , so it 's difficult to call how that is in the future , so if you back those out . 
Our submission will follow soon thereafter , enabling a commercial launch in 2018 in addition to Trinity . 
Up to this point we 've only competed basically in genotype - 1 , and so there 's a big opportunity for us to be able to compete in the other genotypes going forward . 
Im not going to speculate on what the right strategy is , there I would tell you in the markets that Humira competes in . 
For the purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , Abbvie cautions that these forwardlooking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forwards looking statement . 
Later this year we are also expecting additional data readouts from Phase II studies . 
Certainly share buyback is another way to do that , but returning cash to shareholders to reward them for the tremendous success that Humira has had and will continue to have going forward is a high priority for us . 
What is represented in this particular account so we can add back that data into the overall market and Id say generally speaking Humira continues to perform just like it has historically in fact if you look at . 
Related to your comments earlier and then the second question just has to do with the line extension behind Humira : I believe you launched a . 
Our forward - looking statements advisory is found on slide 13 and the agenda for today 's call is on the second slide : Ill now turn the call over to Chris . 
Strong earnings growth primarily reflects 8 % growth of total revenue and a lower provision for credit losses . 
Primarily reflecting the impact of specific allowances recorded against energy loans in 2000 and 16 , these factors were partially offset within common shareholders net income . 
Potential revisions to OSFIs underwriting guideline B - 20 could serve to further curtail market activity and reduce the pace of home price increases across the country . 
This portfolio has performed very well for us since we started the business in 2000 and 4 , and we expect it to continue to deliver strong results as we remain consistent with our conservative risk appetite and our selective approach to approve new loans . 
We 've - 10 internally , we can support - in organically , we can support about 10 % - 12 % annual loan growth organically , just from the earnings that the portfolio generates so it 's always been . 
Are able to take that new structure and go to market much more effectively than we could before , so our goal is to grow the aum here and if we have great opportunities to add an acquisition to this equation we will absolutely look at that . 
Earnings growth also benefited from a decrease in the provision for credit losses to 20 basis points of average loans compared to 32 basis points last year . 
Before I move on to complete the outlook for net interest margin , Ill stay with CWB Optimum Mortgage for amoment to tie up the issues we saw a few months ago within the alternative lending space of the Canadian housing market . 
As we 've seen the Q 3 results over the last couple of weeks , most of the banks have had . 
Given some of the let 's call them macro uncertainties that we 've seen is there any early preparation for IFRS 9 I know you have . 
The provision for credit losses as well as the level of growth impaired at this stage of a recovery out of an economic recession so that was a portfolio comment and not specific to these two clients . 
For over ten years , geographic diversification opportunities outside of Western Canada have been sought to significantly enhance our future growth opportunities . 
Could make it more difficult for certain prospective buyers to qualify for uninsured mortgages and have a negative impact on originations within CWB optimum . 
So if we look back a year or two , we had amuch larger portfolio of preferred shares and common shares which do n 't qualify as high - quality liquid assets , so there is . 
Another year or two to adopt that before - the other banks are moving to it more quickly . 
Fair assumption to assume we might see upticks the same in the first two pickups of the Bank of Canada . 
This change is a direct result of our balanced growth strategy as a reminder ; the deposits that we raise through the broker market are entirely fixedterm deposits with terms of maturity between one and five years . 
We 've reduced the balance of this portfolio substantially in the past year , and it now represents less than 1 % of our total loans ; we do not expect material credit impacts related to our remaining energy loans going forward . 
The average price of detached homes softened within parts of the GTA during the third quarter . 
If - minus it does n 't look that much different to end Q 3 , so should I take your comments earlier to mean that some of the branch deposit growth has been so much stronger that you feel that you can permanently . 
In the quarter prepayment impact in the quarter contributed about two basis points of the five basis point increase from the second quarter . 
So we are sticking with the guidance of something around 100 for the full year , needless to change this in just last quarter . 
Although it 's not a necessity under IFRS , so unlike some of our peers . 
We 're not going to decrease the coverage because we have new NPL and I think your last question was about capital consolidated . 
So make no mistake we 'll get on to capital allocation , but it is n 't going to be in the next month or two months , but it 'd probably be within . 
That 's helpful and then a follow - up if I may on that question when you decided to exit the mobile business in September of 15 , you talked about reducing . 
And it 's something that we 've certainly started to look at , but Job 1 is going to be the - minute get the cost structure . 
So we spend a lot of time on the fy 'sixteen look back and you can see the implications of . 
When you look at the heart of IC design , it 's basically your ability to efficiently use silicon . 
Followed shortly thereafter by our 10 - Q for Q 1 fiscal 17 , we will then be current with our required SEC filings and compliant with listing requirements of NASDAQ . 
As you all know , Q 1 is normally seasonally down from Q 4 of the prior year market expectations . 
Who needs complex IC design to solve their challenges ? 
We have decided to break this up into separate calls for finishing fiscal year 16 and then the first quarter . 
We still are conducting a search and expect to complete shortly a search for a CFO and a Chief Accounting Officer . 
Over the last ten weeks is the quality of the design capability that we have within the company . 
I have no doubt in my mind that nothing on the income statement has escaped Matt 's eye in the last seven days so . 
But inexorably we 're driven to going over 50 % as a company and that 's where our focus is on in this next year . 
Yes , and so Paul , at the risk of you chastising me into giving you other numbers prior to the ten 's k being out . 
I will tell you going - thinking about last fourth quarter and go two years ago and three years ago . 
Not interested in being the third vendor in a box RFP , but there are a couple that . 
While there are many highlights from the quarter I would like to speak briefly about three , we continue to expand our addressable market and broaden our base at a torrid pace . 
The CEVA annual stockholders meeting will be held next week and we encourage all shareholders to participate through casting their proxy votes or attending the event . 
Much better processes in place than we certainly had two years ago , as it relates to managing our working capital , it is the key emphasis for the business and we also operate under a . 
Facilitated the extension of our ABL in the fourth quarter and also helped provide the economic stability we now enjoy so that we can focus on the days - to - day management of our business . 
That have helped our adjusted Ebitda improve dramatically since we began this journey in early 2000 , and 14 now we are pivoting the company to strengthen our partnerships with our customers and suppliers . 
This team has begun to train all of our approximately 400 sales associates on a contemporary . 
So on page 7 , let 's review some of our highlights before we get into the more detailed review of our results . 
Over the last three four years there have been a lot of global commencing factories which have shut down . 
Of results not nine months like in Argentina , so we do n 't have a comparison with the previous year because we started now , so we are only presenting information for this . 
From one side , the FX losses on our dollar - denominated debt that was compensated with some of our liquidity that was abroad in dollars and some . 
With the same quarter so far so we will work in the future to identify if we can change this , if not we will continue to have a lag of three months , but in the middle we have to analyze subsequent events . 
Coupled with our demonstrated ability to manage the expense in Capital Base , we are off to a great start in this game changing combination of these two firms . 
Most importantly , these strategies had very little to do with Legacy KCGs primary mission of serving customers and has significantly deteriorated more recently in less volatile markets . 
And share buybacks now , I would like to turn to slide 5 and highlight some recent trends in adjusted net trading income . 
Our results for Q 3 are in the press release , and as you can see this quarter in particular was a bit messy . 
We have been able to manage the capital base sufficiently through capital synergies by combining the businesses ; however , historical capital usage in the legacy KCG business was higher . 
In the market making segment we will report global equities including America 's equities and rest of the world and global FICC fixed income currencies and commodities this aligns much better with how we manage the segment . 
Given this tough period and the various purchase accounting adjustments required by GAAP in light of that complexity , we are providing an extensive earnings presentation . 
Legacy KCG had at least three independent trading systems in addition to separate back office platforms that were largely disconnected . 
We will provide data to demonstrate this fact in a few slides , but legacy KCG operated certain prop quant - driven strategies that took relatively more risk . 
This differs from the reported number because of the first 20 days of July before the transaction closed . 
In addition to the numerous growth opportunities from the combined firms , we remain excited by our growth opportunities in Asian equities in particular and the opportunities presented to us in Europe as a result of Mifid ii if . 
Before I do that , I want to summarize what we have accomplished in the three months since this transaction has been closed . 
And so there was just a number of instances around the firm where capital was being deployed very , very inefficiently again it goes back to differences of the two firms . 
I would like to provide an early progress report on the integration as we said on our last call , We hit the ground running on Day 1 with our detailed plan that we developed ahead of the deal closing . 
First , the legacy KCG wholesale market making and Virtu market making businesses are extremely complimentary and symbiotic , and we were mainly excited about the numerous . 
Joe , thank you Doug , I will now continue with the earnings presentation of our results slides 8 and 9 present a snapshot of how we will report results as a combined company . 
We 're running today smarter fx strategies thanks to Ill say the quant genius of some of the kcg guys we got some really talented . 
We are providing this information to enable investors to perform amore meaningful comparison of our operating results in amanner similar to management 's analysis of our business , lastly this call is also being webcast and a replay will be available on our website for two weeks and . 
So if you really look at these three products while I can not talk to you about the immediate relative contribution , but I can speak to you in the - minute when the product cycles are fully set in . 
The recent executive order authorizing the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline is expected to have a very positive impact on our markets . 
Even before the news of the pipeline we were seeing encouraging employment data in all of our markets since our last conference call in October , the unemployment rate has declined in all three states that we operate in . 
As well as a new financial reporting system and a new HR or human resources system . 
Today 's conference is being recorded at this time : I would like to turn the conference over to Allison Cain of ICR you may begin . 
We have 12 million shares remaining from the current authorization and will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises and based on the internal valuation of the stock . 
Please note that during our call today we will refer to these non - gaap results as adjusted sales and volume I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee thank you Nathan good morning everyone . 
Muscle milk ready - to drink protein beverages performed well , especially in the food , drug and mass channels ; our muscle milk powder business was softer this quarter , which is in line with the category dynamics . 
We expect growth in the Foodservice Channel to remain strong , with growth coming from many of our brands such as Hormel , Bacon One and Hormel Fire Braised Meats . 
In foodservice items such as hormel bacon , one fully cooked bacon and hormel pepperoni delivered excellent growth during the quarter . 
In addition , our new muscle milk bars have been well received in the marketplace . 
Proactively managing our own business by taking further reductions in half one , so we 're doing the right things to set ourselves up for improvement . 
Well , not lose market share in the different segments or is that something you would try to maintain in terms of spending what we had 2 Q throughout the rest of the year . 
Recent 12 weeks scanned data shows positive sales trends as the Jennie - 0 brand continues to outperform the category . 
Can you just help us understand your base case for 17 is that ? 
As you can see from the www graphs . 
We 'll probably for the first time over the next six to twelve months are going to be in a position to run this mine at a steady state , albeit at a reduced tonnage the reduced tonnage obviously does n 't help . 
Very pleasing to see that we were able to move through that same problem area , but done on level 2 in . 
In order to compete , operators are reallocating investments away from traditional it and back - office solutions into new solutions that leverage and optimize new technologies . 
Tied to foreign currency movements such that our EPS guidance remains unchanged for the year . 
And that helps to add value so when you look at Telstra when you look at MTN when you look at some of the others . 
It 's an exciting time and at the same time a challenging time earlier this year I laid out three key objectives aimed at helping our company realize its full potential over the long term . 
Also , we will discuss certain financial information that is not prepared in accordance with GAAP : We believe that these non - GAAP financial measures when reviewed in conjunction with our GAAP financial measures . 
Much like MTN , South Africa is having us do for them with both their wholesale and residential businesses . 
These two items are fundamental to our policy of returning cash to our shareholders and we remain firmly committed to continuing them . 
Targeted operating range of 18 % to 20 % , we continue to believe this range provides a good mix of returns to the bottom line while still providing investment opportunities to grow our business . 
Which we will refer to during the call are available on the IR section of our website as well as on our iPhone and iPad applications . 
Growth in hydraulics was down 17 % as volume in our demolition shares is correlated to pricing levels in the scrap steel market . 
The core SFS principles require agility to respond when business conditions change . 
With us having a continued headwind going into 2016 , we will continue to be prudent about our approach in that area and go after specific price actions where it makes sense . 
Aggressively pursuing commodity deflation and other pricing opportunities to partially mitigate this impact , it will position us to demonstrate continued operating leverage in 2000 and 16 as well as reasonable earnings growth . 
Price going forward to the extent : We 're going to talk about it for 'sixteen and then Jim , I think he 'll give you a little deeper dive on industrial and our thoughts . 
This was the fifth consecutive quarter of organic growth at or above 6 % for the company on a combined basis . 
With 6 % organic growth and record operating margin levels that expanded 70 basis points . 
This shows me that we are on track to reach cash flow breakeven and gaap income this year . 
We also have hired five new industry , experienced sales reps , and had a very strong first quarter of sales bookings that will lay the groundwork of strong future growth . 
Every six to eight weeks for all of our existing and future customers , our phones themselves basically do what the platform tells it to do . 
Our GAAP numbers also improved and would have been even better except for . 
In addition , we continue to manage our cost and improve our bottom line as we get closer to cash flow breakeven and gaap profitably . 
We had great excitement in our partner channel program during the quarter , adding 16 new partners for the quarter , and that momentum has continued into Q 2 with very strong partner additions . 
To improve those metrics , we have added a new VP of sales and a new Director of Sales to head up our dealer partners and direct sales groups . 
We get it done in 6 , 8 , 10 weeks and we get the deal so we 're seeing more of that as we go forward . 
In line with the sector we have seen an increase in the NPL formation in the second quarter , the increase was mainly due to the two big ticket commercial files . 
Thanks to new products like the Cool - Fit range launched end of last year . 
The difference between orders and sales has to do with production lead times as a lot of orders were booked in the last three months . 
So we can remain on schedule for filing the accelerated approval application with FDA I am pleased with the approval and hope to be able to announce completion of this in the near future . 
Building inventories for a potential launch for the TnBC NThere are certainly parties we are talking to that are capable . 
I think it 's misleading to give percentages because when you have 30 to 40 patients , three or four patients can make a big difference in percentages , but I think if . 
And so 1 , 3 OH is a very attractive one that many of our investigators are very anxious for us to expand beyond colorectal cancer . 
In my presentation that we have already three ADCs , we have an immuno - oncology program and because of our great desire to capitalize on these other opportunities . 
The recent offering of stock and warrants gives us the flexibility to initiate the confirmatory trials and continue other developments of Immu - A 32 without interruption . 
In early 2000 and 17 we also have other new and interesting investigational products that we are going to be presenting at medical conferences . 
The sooner we do a partnering deal , the better it is for the entire company , and its plans 01 : 32 is moving forward and we will not delay . 
Im pleased to report that our target of enrolling the additional forty - or - so patients this fall continues , and we should complete this process shortly . 
A reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures is available with our earnings release . 
As I said earlier , however , the growth in Ebitda was modest due to continued margin pressures , primarily from cost of sales and restaurant labor expense . 
Now to delivery have you seen anything from a competitive standpoint as far as that impacting markets where you compete with some of the bigger QSR burger guys . 
In terms of - in and I also think that the sense is that by the three major players continuing . 
Overall we had amixed performance during the third quarter , although we achieved strong growth on the top line , our growth in adjusted Ebitda was more modest as we continued to experience margin pressures . 
Yes , all right understood , and then the last one for me is , as I think about the 18 Ebitda guidance , it would seem to imply a return to store margin expansion . 
Fiscal Nineteen and Beyond has a chance to grow at a pretty accelerated rate based on the cagrs that you 've talked about in the past . 
And we are looking at taking several steps to restructure this business and we 'll update you when we meet again for the Q 4 result . 
So this combination of three investments that we are making will help us substantially increase the cake milling capacity . 
Supported by low prices across several commodities as I had alluded earlier and also due to seasonality going ahead in Q 4 and Q 1 , which are historically our high procurement quarters we expect . 
Up to 21 million bales as compared to 14 million bales of last year and we also believe that we will . 
Is poised to end this year above the 10 million tonnes of trading volumes and that is contributing to the overall increasing volumes at the portfolio level . 
Two additional quick service restaurants were added in April and we took over operation of one more from a former tenant . 
Mild temperatures during the 2000 and 16 quarter had a negative impact on truck service despite the stronger oil change business this quarter versus the 2000 and 15 first quarter . 
Will be inconsistent with first quarter 2000 and 16 , however , as you know , fuel margins can be sensitive to competitive and market factors . 
We branded or we 're in the process of branding gasoline offerings at 17 locations . 
Already since that closing about two weeks ago , we 've acquired one former franchise location and we expect a new franchise location to open later this week . 
Im looking forward to the balance of 2016 , the combination of prospects we have for continued ramp - up from integration of our recent acquisitions in the convenience store and restaurant space . 
Regarding depreciation and amortization expense , we believe that the first quarter amount is a reasonable run rate estimate for an average remaining 2016 quarter . 
For a number of reasons that we fully explained in our press release and in our form , Ten - Q to be filed later today . 
Approximately 75 % of this increase in site level operating expenses was due to newly acquired sites for which operating expenses are fully loaded into our results very soon after acquisition . 
And you also are increasingly big in Cs stores , both of which almost everything trades at a higher multiple than you guys seem to trade on an Ebitda basis . 
Thanks Jeff before I provide commentary on our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2018 , it 's important to note the fourth quarter of 2017 included a royalty settlement related to a license agreement . 
We actually grew in our largest customer in 2018 , but it was n 't on mobile , it was on all the other products and I think as we start going in and I took a look at this harsh . 
Similar utilization rates in the second half of this year versus what you had in the second half of 18 or was there any . 
Can be found in our press release posted on our website at Knowlescom , including a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures . 
For full year 2018 we were pleased to deliver 11 % top line growth with strong operating leverage ahead of the expectations we had in the beginning of the year and well above the growth rates we saw in most of the end markets we serve . 
My comparisons to fourth quarter 2017 amounts have been adjusted to exclude the impact of the settlement . 
All financial references on this call will be on a non - gaap continuing operations basis unless otherwise indicated . 
To come back for you and start growing in 2 Q or would it be just that the - 9 you expect the iot business to start ramping and maybe there are parts and pieces of the mobile business that come up . 
But we 're going to have to see how successful those products are , so I would say overall the breadth is pretty good , the pipeline is full and that 2 % to 4 % stands . 
Even though we started billing all clinics direct for Medicare patients effective July , one we were still processing and collecting . 
This amendment will be filed on Form 8 s K in the next several days it provides for improved required maximum leverage covenant levels under the original agreement , the leverage covenant maximum level . 
That we did n 't have a relationship with before and so our 1700 locations I always talk about could be everything from a . 
Note that the current year included six months of Medicare competitive bidding price reduction . 
Now 2017 finds us with the largest market share the company has ever had no longer subject to Medicare pricing risk . 
For home infusion companies , billing drugs under Part D when there is an immediate and significant reimbursement cut . 
This comes from more and more people being exposed to the C series in - service performance . 
Improving cash flows for the balance of the year are expected to come from seasonally stronger patterns at Bt . 
And we see a clear path to the upper half of our EBIT guidance . 
On the aerospace , side volumes were consistent with market demand on all programs , while C - Series started contributing modestly to top line with six deliveries . 
Near the level recorded in Q 2 last year as Globals represented a greater share of our overall deliveries . 
For both c series models in the third quarter , this means better operating costs and value for airlines . 
With that I will turn it over to John to review the Q 2 financial results . 
And we are very confident about the future of the global 7000 moving forward so all in all . 
We settled some claims in Q 1 of this year that relates to the past . 
Is very demanding from a last mile standpoint and this works to TFIs advantage , which we think you 'll see more clearly with our new segmentation . 
Came out of the system , it went all the way slowly every day with less and less until the end of March , so by Q 2 of this year . 
Greg is transitioning out of the CFO role and a few quarters ago you made some general comments about overall succession planning in the organization . 
OK - 1 q 1 logistics side has been difficult because of the tightness of the trucking market , so yes we lost a little bit of revenue in our logistics division , but not in our last mile . 
But that being said , What 's important is , we 've also added a lot of executives over the course of the last 12 months . 
We have completed our first round of investments now in Belgrade , we were down there last week - 2 weeks ago . 
We do n 't want to give you exactly the figures on that one , but you need to trust us that the order intake in this area has been very solid in Q 4 and continue to look very promising also for the running quarter . 
We hope with the federal announcement and the solid Q 1 performance we can put most of these issues behind us . 
Our reporting this quarter was delayed a few days in order to finalize our results under the new 6 oh 6 revenue recognition standards , while the numerical changes are relatively minor ; the work required was not . 
We believe that our receivable portfolio is of high quality and that DSO will trend down in the second quarter . 
In our products group , our Emerald KVM product line is getting traction in the market and supports our excitement for its future ; this was a big step in the products strategic plan to develop proprietary product lines in key targeted markets . 
What Ive done is extended an offer to extend the current agreement for 12 months to give us time to rebuild some trust between the parties to give us time to get these pilots out into the workplace to make sure that they prove out and they do what we think they 're going to do . 
The team recognized this opportunity and moved quickly ; we went from conception to completion and moving traffic in less than 90 days . 
Our recent joint venture with LHC Group brings our company to another level of focus on home health and hospice and enhances our opportunity to grow this portion of our business . 
When adjusted to exclude both Providence as well as the reduction to revenue associated with the LHC transaction . 
As well as the impact of the previously discussed decline in surgical volumes and the impact of the LHC transaction . 
But it does seem to be spreading out a little bit more over the course of the last two or three quarters , and I think it 's important to recognize that we expected this creep this creep from urban markets into more rural markets . 
And we expect several more facilities to achieve this designation in 2017 in addition . 
From reductions in readmissions and 40 basis points from certain lower acuity admissions such as births . 
In the first quarter of 2017 as compared to the same quarter of the prior year and as a percentage of total revenue . 
That was caused by our fourth quarter implementation as a new clinical it system at our Conemaugh Health System in Pennsylvania . 
Agencies and business lines into the partnership over the balance of the year : There 's one and then there 's two more that will occur . 
In the ten - k , but it looks like it moderates in 'eighteen versus 'seventeen , Im just wondering if there 's any other kind of moving parts that you can make us aware of . 
As well as one additional month of the Providence Health System that we acquired effective . 
Excluding the impact of this charge in the first quarter of the prior year , our other operating expenses improved 70 basis points , primarily as a result of lower acquisition - related legal and consulting fees . 
During the first quarter of 2000 and 17 , the prior owner successfully negotiated the settlement of these matters at amounts that were less than previously estimated as a result our exposure to those matters was eliminated . 
As a percentage of revenues , consolidated salary wages and benefit costs increased by 50 basis points . 
And so you can see there 'll be a ramp on free cash flow over the balance of the year , we also have Q 2 and Q 4 are periods where we will see . 
And participants are encouraged to carefully review this reconciliation : We intend to limit the length of this call to one hour . 
And now moving to slide 18 and our outlook we are maintaining an outlook . 
We 've got about - 1 if I remember right , 40 % of our loans kind of in the near term are impacted by the change in rate . 
We experienced about three basis points of margin headwind during the past year due to a two percentage point lower concentration of loans relative to earning assets . 
To the state tax rates nonetheless , we feel comfortable giving an outlook that the 2000 and 18 effective tax rate is likely to be . 
The higher salaries and bonuses paid to many of our employees and also contemplates the effect of the December 2000 and 17 increase in the fed funds rate , although it does not assume any further increases in net or other benchmark interest rates . 
If you exclude the single commercial credit that was subject to a Department of Justice investigation in the first quarter or nine basis points if you include that credit . 
The securities yield declined slightly ; this was primarily due to higher premium amortization on the SBA or small business association loans . 
Turning to slide 5 , Ive already highlighted the efficiency ratio in my earlier comments , but visually this represents all the work we 've done since 2014 to improve the profitability of the company . 
However , this may - kilometre will be offset by the effect of tax reform and its impact on the municipal loan and securities portfolio yield which we estimate to be about three basis points of headwind to the net interest margin . 
And this is presented alongside our effective tax rate and the third bar for 2000 and 17 excludes items such as the expense associated with the revaluation of the deferred tax asset taken in the fourth quarter . 
We are fully committed to continuing to achieve positive operating leverage ; we have three years behind us in our effort to materially improve profitability and grow earnings ; we remain committed to further improvement and simplification of our operational processes . 
Back in 2000 and 15 we indicated that we were going to be targeting much more substantial returns on capital that could . 
And I would say that compared to five or six years ago , the investments we 're making on the technology side are much more offensive and forward - leaning . 
And in this case contract year 1 , which ended on February 29 , these modifications included changes to certain performance benchmarks specified in the contract . 
Of fiscal year 2000 and 16 , these modifications are expected to lower our future revenue run rates . 
We believe that this contract will yield operating income margins in our typical range of 10 % to 15 % in future years . 
We 've also continued to receive many questions related to specific performance indicators under the Haas contract . 
Many states are choosing to manage this important process , and Maximus has played an integral role for supporting these efforts . 
We still expect our tax rate to run between 37 % and 39 % , but more towards the lower end of that range . 
There 's also been speculation within the investment community that the Haas contract was under review for cancellation or significant changes : I want to dispel that myth today we maintain a collaborative working relationship with our client . 
Our work can provide a credentialing that started more than a decade ago ; our portfolio has since grown to include six contracts along with a healthy pipeline of additional opportunities . 
The general trend in LTSS has been to ensure that individuals are in the right setting and receiving the right level of support and care . 
We recently broadened our LTSS capabilities through the acquisition of Ascend based in Tennessee , Ascend is one of the largest health assessment providers on behalf of us government agencies . 
Think about years 2 and 3 , I know you talked about a lower revenue trajectory , can you be a little more specific perhaps about ? 
We did hold a webinar two days ago and I was really proud that we were kind of first to market in that regard with a very comprehensive webinar held in conjunction with . 
What was your previous revenue expectation for the Haas contract for ? 
If that 's new business driving the increase or reprocurement , I know there 's some comments there that over 50 % is new , Im wondering how that also compares to . 
From one state which was responsible for dsos of three days . 
Also known as Haas as Rick mentioned , certain features of the Haas contract have been modified to better align with the client 's programmatic objectives . 
To this end we 've had personal assurances from DWP that the Secretary of State has not expressed concern over the continuity of the Haas contract . 
I view it as a better risk profile we really do have amore stable footing for both the client and maximus with these revisions . 
I would lump them largely into four categories ; one is the area of beneficiary support services . 
Feeling of confidence with respect to fy 'sixteen guidance and that 's why we were able to really manage it , manage the bottom end of our guidance up and effectively raise the midpoint . 
Let Me Focus My Health segment commentary today on our Haas contract . 
The financial impact from the Haas contract modifications had an immediate pickup . 
Acquired revenue growth from Acentia was offset by expected organic declines in the legacy Maximus business as we mentioned last quarter . 
The segment was unfavorably impacted by a 5 % decline from foreign currency translation . 
Income and earnings in the second half of fiscal year 2000 and 16 are expected to be driven by the steady operational and financial progress of certain programs in start - up . 
Further , there is no current plan on making substantial changes or terminating the Haas contract ; some of the modifications that were made to our contract were done in parallel with the government spending review . 
Separately , DWP has confirmed with us that the Secretary of State is focused on potential changes to the fit for work contract . 
The vessel ended the year completing the first well of a four - well campaign for another client . 
Last year the market provided strong support for the utilization of our two vessels . 
The roam will be available for the second half of the year ; we do have opportunities for it again ; we 've just been conservative and not added that to our guidance . 
Does that improve the profitability of the vessel meaningfully for the 2018 time frame ? 
Have over a rig coming in on a low day rate , spending five days to mobilize this equipment and then starting against the efficiencies that we used to have . 
Any significant variation from these key assumptions could cause our Ebitda to fall outside of the range provided . 
Highly variable seasonal swing for robotics as we roll out of Q 1 into the rest of the year if Q 1 is going to be . 
Affordable housing represents a significant opportunity for Fleetwood , and the exclusive supply agreements with the two major operators are expected to contribute strong forward volume . 
You 'll notice there that we 've separated manufactured accommodation from village operations and we 've done this because those two income streams really have different attributes from an investment point of view . 
So if you just like to turn to slide four now and if we just consider the underlying results for amoment , you 'll see how Fleetwood 's results have moved over the last four years and while I mentioned revenue and ebit amoment ago . 
Along with the discontinued operation that Ill speak about in amoment , the three business streams were previously grouped as one segment called Manufactured Accommodation . 
Now we should n 't underestimate the significance of this agreement because at the end of the mining boom we saw amajor reduction in revenue and earnings in WA . 
We encourage you to review the company 's annual and quarterly public filings on Sedar or on the company 's website . 
Long Beach in particular has been showing healthy sales after starting commercial operations on February one of this year , and we continue to see several opportunities where we are well positioned to compete with for significant projects . 
While foreign exchange rates are less favorable than in 2015 , they remain very advantageous . 
Through the balance of 2016 we expect to spend relatively modest maintenance capex for orca and our terminals . 
Construction activity month - over - month has shown steady improvement since the start of the year , according to data from Dodge work continues to translate funding from the fast act into activity on the ground , but the impact to - date has been negligible . 
In addition , the underlying price increases achieved in 2015 , as well as our expectations for volumes this year , have positioned us well even if the Canadian dollar continues to appreciate against the dollar . 
Technical work is underway and our current goal is to be in a position to share the results in mid - 2016 ; we are very confident about this project . 
And will allow us to quickly progress the project through 2016 , we are also focused on developing this new project with the same care and consideration we apply to our Orca Quarry in concert with our First Nation partners . 
Thank You Darren , as noted earlier this year Q 1 was expected to be slow , with wet weather impacting construction activity across California . 
There were multiple reasons for this development also in Q 4 , which we will elaborate later and which have also made us to think about the new program that is needed in the business . 
And then maybe one still more on the actions you 're taking now , the savings actions are you looking to exit any . 
I just wanted to explain how we 've reported our results for 2000 and 18 we have updated our operating segments to reflect the new structure of management reporting following the Lagan acquisition . 
An increase in underlying EBIT will be offset by increased depreciation and interest costs . 
And the other question on that was with one million tonnes of production : Do you produce about one million tonnes of carbon or just over ? 
We have successfully applied big data and Ai technology throughout the user journey for our user acquisition . 
With respect to our operating plan for 2017 , Id like to share with you a few of our key priorities first . 
Started being allocated to the international segment in the fourth quarter of 2000 and 16 , as well as wage and other inflationary increases and higher bad debt . 
As I mentioned earlier , 2000 and 16 was a challenging year for this part of the business , but our client relationships and reputation in this space . 
In addition , we provide services to international investment market clients to allow them to comply with applicable SEC regulations and we also provide language solutions to international clients . 
As Dan mentioned , We 're happy with the improved activity levels in the broader market that took place postelection and the resulting impact we have seen in the first two months of the year . 
OK your press release could do a better job of breaking out the segment , it 's paying a lot of attention to non - gaap accounting versus gaap , but . 
We did , however , see market activity and deal announcements start to pick up postelection , leading to our own activity increasing in the first two months of 2000 and 17 given the normal deal cycle . 
In our first five months as a standalone company we have also begun to identify potential growth opportunities where we can leverage our core compliance and process management capabilities along with our breadth of Long 's standing client relationships to serve new markets . 
And lower volume of compliance works in the fourth quarter of 2000 and 16 investment markets reported . 
Given this positive feedback in conjunction with the actions we are taking , there are exciting opportunities ahead of us at the same time : I recognized that 2016 was clearly a difficult year . 
We 've also made significant progress in our first five months toward operating on a standalone basis . 
Prior to the spin , certain costs for resources of the business were not recorded directly in our operations , but instead were recorded centrally at RR Donnelley and allocated for the company in the carve - out financial statements . 
In capital markets we provide compliance products and services to companies that are subject to the filing and reporting requirements of the SEC . 
At this point March activity also looks to be trending similarly to the strong start for the year , so early indications for 2000 and 17 are positive , but much of the quarter 's performance will be driven by what we see in the next 31 days . 
Vending signings are up over 50 % for the year and while it takes time for signings to turn into revenues , they are a good indicator of future growth prospects and share capture . 
We 've been looking for the right expansion opportunity for quite a while and we were excited to find an excellent partner in TAC . 
Was going to be down double digits for the quarter and March is the first month for the quarter , so yes government took a step down from the Q 2 levels . 
A moment on AIS , which has generally performed in line with expectations over the course of the past 3 / 4 since our acquisition of this OEM fastener business . 
Of our guidance by about 40 basis points on the base business on the top line that was . 
Before getting into the details , let me remind you that we had provided Q 2 guidance for both our total company results and our base business or total company excluding the impact of the AIS acquisition . 
I do n 't know if that 's taking longer or if Im not remembering it correctly , but now it sounds like you 're only talking about all the efforts , adding one point to growth versus where we are now , so could you just clarify that please ? 
In the third quarter of 2016 , Garden City Medical is included in the 2016 results that will be discussed on the call unless otherwise noted . 
For an explanation of the items considered to be non - gaap financial information that will be discussed on today 's call . 
Look out there , there 's maybe something between nothing and just the tenth quarter long - term view that we 'll get our heads around . 
In shareholders meeting on August 23 we also . 
In the Nordic segment and in the German segment , France has a calendar effect of roughly one day in that quarter . 
As you see , over the years we have the speed between 2 % and 4 % in shortening of Avlos and the last quarter for the . 
Any substantial costs in connection with the three organization this is more . 
In strengthening the balance sheet since the company went public four years ago . 
This momentum has continued into 2018 driven by a great back - to - school season where we picked up wins that benefit our education facilities as well as our sports businesses . 
We 're improving our product offerings service and technology across all four of these dimensions to consistently elevate the customer experience . 
Our growth efforts are yielding results beyond our food business in 2000 and 17 : We stood up a separate management team for our facilities business , we 're making substantial progress . 
In closing 2018 will be a pivotal year for the company as we drive continued growth in our base business by executing against our strategic imperatives and we also began the integration of two strategic acquisitions . 
That 's the kind of I think growth rate you should expect as we think about 2018 going forward . 
And certainly as we looked at what we saw happen during the early part of 2018 that has continued . 
The financial flexibility that we have achieved since the IPO has recently enabled us to take the next step in shareholder value creation . 
As well as wins across a number of other key sectors , we expect our client retention rates to remain strong at the targeted mid90 s level . 
Im encouraged by our progress and the momentum that we have heading into 2018 , which is a real tribute to the strength and commitment of our entire organization . 
As I look back on our performance in 2017 , our operating results for the full year and the fourth quarter were right where we expected them to be . 
As AoI was flat in the quarter because of the natural disaster impact we just mentioned , the increase was driven by lower interest and taxes . 
Through two strategically sound and financially compelling acquisitions of Avendra and the Ameripride announced last month . 
In fact , our results in the fourth quarter reflect the resiliency of our portfolio as we delivered a 10 % increase in adjusted earnings per share . 
Across lines of business and geographies , in fact , we 're entering 2018 with one of the best years of net new business performance in the company 's history , which gives us confidence in the revenue growth within our multiyear framework . 
As the higher levels of excess tax benefits related to the equity awards from the IPO have now been recognized . 
Entering this year and over the course of the year than we were in 2017 , we feel very confident in that . 
In health and wellness , Im proud to report that we are well ahead of our targeted goals in our healthy for life 20 x 20 campaign with the American Heart Association . 
Perhaps an attainable target anymore is that fair or are there some factors in '18 that can still get you to the a hundred basis points . 
Played out in Q 4 and that was Q 4 was going to be the first year - 1 st quarter where we saw growth for the company for the enterprise within the framework which we did . 
I think if you look back even as far back as last year at our IPO we said we had a number of levers that we 'd pull . 
Comparing the third quarter 2017 to the same period in 2016 , average loans grew 8 % excluding the healthcare loan book , which I will discuss in more detail in amoment . 
Having said this , you should expect the fourth quarter to be in a similar range as this past quarter and then bump up in 2000 and 18 looking at the individual line items , salaries and employee benefits increased from Q 2 due to a couple of new hires . 
As I said on the call , We do believe that we can hold our nim going forward for a couple of reasons one is just . 
Importantly , we continue to increase the number of loan relationships in which we are the lead lender or arranger transactions that we lead have increased by 39 % since . 
What we do n 't have clear visibility on is when the individuals holding these securities will decide to exercise , but we do expect they will occur in 2018 , let 's move on to the capital . 
What it does mean , though , is we have a very viable option given the maturity of this sky ? 
In the services business in the last three years , so it 's part of the strategic plan of the company so . 
Today we will review our financial and operational results and provide commentary on our performance in the context of our four point growth strategy . 
Including our entirely new church management capabilities that we built natively using our Sky platform . 
But also quantify the value of improving their performance and refer them to specific tools inside of the raiser 's edge NXT to drive growth . 
With most of that being ratable at this point , with 90 % of our business being recurring , that 's going to take a bit of time for that to turn into revenue and again it was Q 2 bookings . 
Are 10 brand - new modules from scratch using the Sky platform that are the modules that run the operations of the church ? 
Space as you heard this morning is a game changer for churches and amassive opportunity for Blackbaud , we also continue to execute against our four - point growth strategy . 
Like the customer reference , I mentioned in my prepared remarks just that one customer is going to be able to replace 11 vendors , and so we came after this in a little bit of a different way because of . 
So you can think of it and you 've heard us talk a lot about the k - 12 market over the years where we traditionally had fundraising and financials and digital marketing and payments and analytics and we added . 
Please refer to our most recent form 10 - K and other SEC filings for more information on those risks . 
Our Sky Business Intelligence Reporting Capability : Our Payment Services for Credit Card Transaction Processing . 
The solutions that run the schools that was through an acquisition a little over four years ago , this is equivalent in that it is the modules that run the operations of the churches , but we built it from scratch in sky . 
And when those are live because they 're in sky , there is no integration work to do . 
The tax credit in 2000 and 15 derives from the settlement of a number of historic tax issues . 
We also completed the fund merger of National Provident Life into Phoenix Life Assurance in the first half of this year , leaving only two remaining UK life companies . 
Given the progress we have made over the past two years , we are well placed to access the markets at an appropriate time . 
However , it is important to remember that the amount shown here after 2000 and 20 do not include any benefit from management actions . 
And continuing to the right , we can show the various uses of that cash over the period through 2000 and 20 as can be seen . 
However , should a cap be introduced , we do not expect the impact to be material given around 80 % of our customers have no exit charge . 
Specific management actions achieved include the acquisition of a portfolio of equity lease mortgages and further benefits from the full implementation of the MGAlfa system . 
And so there are two ways that while we 're doing an acquisition , we 'd like to be able to advertise that we have better coverage because of enhanced cash flows and that they are attenuated , they go out further years that 's why it was important for us to take that . 
The wholesale business from Gibson Gibson has provided some sort of guidance range of Ebitda that they expect from that business . 
And that 's just a bit less than 50 % , almost as much as the weather . 
This increase was primarily due to contribution from CanWest and higher gross profits in Canadian propane distribution USRF and the other services segment . 
Is anticipated to be consistent to modestly lower than 2017 , primarily due to the anticipated impact of increases in electricity mill rate . 
Very aggressive when we go out and we want to be realistic , so two to four looks extremely good and kind of . 
And then Beth maybe you can just comment on the balance sheets and your guidance of ending the year at 3 x to 3 . 4 times does that include an assumption for executing on . 
The share is up three percentage points year - on . The main driver is the inflow of large ticket jobs in the Middle East . 
Our perception of the market under the current situation discuss the progress on the medium - term business plan being executed for the last six months and finish my presentation with future forecast . 
Or as LNG after cooling and compression process . 
This is the same slide as the one used during the MTBP meeting in May this year . 
The company opened a both in recent Ceatec and attracted a great attention . 
Fiscal year '18 first half results were characterized by strong positive growth on both sales and the profits the main content is as shown here . 
We are poised to deliver on the promise of the product category we anticipated when launching DuraFit our objectives in 2000 , and 17 in this market segment are to continue to grow the DuraFit brand and support the market penetration of our new downstream partners . 
And we expect to conclude agreements with others during the balance of 2017 our current program time lines with these customers would result in initial revenue during Q 4 of this year . 
In the second half of 2017 , with that , I will turn the call back over to Matthew . 
We look forward to keeping you updated as we execute our strategy during the balance of 2017 and beyond . 
Okay so those will be a drag on margins in 17 , but you 'd expect that component of the business to see expanding margins further out as volumes pick up . 
Through existing partners alone , CDTIs technology has the potential to be deployed in 2 million vehicles per year . 
As well , some of the financial metrics presented on this call today are non - IFRS measures , and as such do not have a standardized meaning and are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures by other companies . 
Effective January 1 , but there may also be other areas of pricing that are not as easy to lead , but certainly we are of the view that the industry will respond rationally . 
Including the requirement to use the posted 5 - year mortgage rate published by the Bank of Canada to determine borrower debt service ratios on all insured loans after October 17 this year . 
Based on further clarifications provided by the Department of Finance regarding the grandfathering of mortgages originated prior to November 30 , we revised our estimate and now anticipate a 25 % - 35 % reduction . 
Of beyond the max you would probably only need to look for a property between 5 % to 10 % cheaper and that we felt was more doable . 
The call will be available online for approximately 45 days following today . 
Generally speaking , portfolio quality today is significantly improved over the OH 7 OH 8 time period and should produce less performance volatility in a similar economic downturn . 
The comment period with respect to the draft advisory ended on October 21 and . 
So we took perhaps a somewhat conservative view ; there is definitely upside to our estimate , but we believe that those people have a greater chance of finding a cheaper property than those people who would look for as much of a 20 % discount in the price . 
Our specific markets above the OSFI prescribed threshold so there is potential that you could see markets being added to the supplementary capital you could see markets that no longer require it . 
We 've been monitoring oil - exposed regions very closely over the past 18 months , and although oil prices have seen some stability since the beginning of the year , we recognize that these areas have sustained significant job losses . 
We expect our new insurance written will stabilize around that level with potential for modest growth over the next 12 to 18 months . 
Paul the best answer would be January 1 , but obviously it depends on how the industry responds there are certain areas that we . 
We have paid the same amount of dividends for the last four years , so irrespective of the level of profitability that we have achieved . 
That IDB is valuing at fair value and we are recognizing that historical value at the moment of our acquisitions so when you compare . 
With Tglt that they were supposed to build and give us some apartments at - 10 - in the other cases . 
Then regarding our debt we commented in the last quarter that we issued debt at the IRSA level . 
In page 15 we have the rest of the lines of our financial statements , so we finished up the operating income . 
We completed the consolidation of one of our two remaining legacy platforms . 
I am very pleased with our execution in Q 3 , my team delivered strong financial performance . 
By identifying these requirements that go above and beyond the standard needs of HR and payroll for technology companies , we have differentiated our products from the rest of the industry . 
We completed the migration of Ambrose in Q 1 and during the third quarter we completed the accord migration . 
And it 's going to be a combination of the right product with the right value and volume will clearly be an element to that in terms of wse , but it 's not going to be the end . 
Reconciliation of our non - gaap forward outlook to the most directly comparable gaapmeasures is not included because material items that affect these measures , such as . 
We are now operating just two platforms with our SOI platform . 
We encourage you to review our most recent public filings with the SEC for amore detailed discussion of these risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock . 
The Q 3 results are the most recent indication of the improvement in the insurance business . 
As we told you on our Q 2 earnings call , we took the next step in the verticalization of our direct channel . 
But then when we start to look at the WSE growth for the third quarter relative to the other quarters this year , it seems like it slowed down a little bit . 
It has not been as robust as we 've seen in 2000 and 15 , but it 's been fairly steady . 
Our acquisition pipeline has grown over 30 % since the beginning of the year ; this allows us to be highly selective in our investments while creating value for our customers and getting paid for this value . 
With respect to debt , one of the great features of our master funding program is our ability to prepay any series of notes within 24 months prior to maturity without a prepayment penalty . 
Related to accelerated amortization of the deferred financing costs associated with the store master funding bonds , we prepaid in August . 
That was virtually unchanged from last quarter ; the weighted average primary lease term of our new investments continues to be long at approximately 18 years . 
We have built this relationship over time , and as a result of our fourth transaction with them they are now in our top 10 as of the end of third quarter we had 19 vacant properties , 13 of which are Gander Mountain properties . 
The portfolio remains extremely diverse by design , with our largest tenant representing less than 3 % of rent and interest . 
Since the end of the third quarter we have released eight of those and sold one and we have pending resolution on two more of the Gander assets . 
The decrease between years related mainly to the three noncash charges Ive just discussed . 
All completed by the end of 2017 is that what we should have in our numbers and second question just around some of the tax implications that were talked about earlier in the year . 
Our fluid power platform , which is more dependent on oem end markets , is also under top line pressure in the current macro environment . 
Thanks Rob as we 've said 2000 and 15 was a year that presented us with a number of challenges and Im pleased with the ability of our team to adapt to current conditions while continuing to drive our long 's term strategy . 
Was a very dramatic impact in that segment which rippled through to 4 % for the business overall , so I think that while . 
Expect the margin to be more stable over the course of 2016 or Are You Going to - Minute How ? 
And then ramp up during the course of the year to get to that - the outlook that Rob provided of low end fourfour percent , so we 'd be flat . 
This was compounded by an already difficult comparison with four fewer operating days . 
Id like to briefly discuss the key drivers by segment in the fourth quarter and provide some insights into our plans for 2000 and 16 beginning with Aerospace . 
And I wanted to touch on the Black Hawk program for a second Im looking at the fiscal 17 budget and a shift down in production , I know it 's just a proposal at this point , but . 
Up to foursix percent , so we do see some sequential improvement throughout the course of the year , I think that 's predominantly going to be in the second and third quarters . 
While we are not expecting an improvement in some of our weaker end markets in 2000 and 16 , we do expect volume to stabilize in the first half and show modest improvement in the second half as comps become easier . 
Finally , we are progressing with our integration of Extex , including a facility move , and remain focused on the synergy opportunities with our existing engineered products business . 
An increase of more than 50 % that is largely due to the impact of our acquisitions . 
Most of 16 will be focused on integrating the company and we would expect most of those synergies to be . 
How big of a swing do you expect as you go from Q 1 to Q 4 Shannon , we expect that we should have a sequential improvement from the . 
In addition , we expect to discuss certain financial measures and information that are non - gaapmeasures . 
As we look forward to the year ahead , we are anticipating record volume and Ebitda in aerospace . 
While our current bearing manufacturing business is aligned with GRW through a focus on solving the critical problems . 
These actions position us to recognize modest sequential margin expansion in the first quarter of 2000 and 16 at distribution , and we expect to see improved margin result . 
This should stabilise as we begin to deliver aircraft in early 2017 , in addition we have essentially completed the New Zealand SHS - 2 programme , ending the conversion of that inventory to cash . 
And we think there will likely be some level of carryover budget for multiyear 8 , so we 're not expecting to see . 
Fourth quarter to the first quarter , but it will be relatively modest because a number of the actions that we took during late 15 those costs will flow into 16 as well so . 
We 're going to have faster top line growth than last year 's 20 % , and I think it 's fair to say by anybody 's standard when you see it , you will consider it to be very much faster . 
As a result of the acceleration in the fourth quarter , we ended the year with over 10000 supplier connections . 
I think it 's important to appreciate and we talked about infrastructure two years ago , and it was very important to us that we have a level of infrastructure that would support a faster growth rate . 
I know that when we chat a year from now that we 'll all be pleased looking back at how 'seventeen turned out . 
So what you 'll see going forward is 80 - plus % of revenue increases in dollars becomes something . 
So the contribution from all of this will move into fiscal '18 , but it ought to give us another . 
There 's five issues Id like to raise for you to take into consideration from this call first . 
And as you noticed our expenses declined in the last fiscal year , fiscal '16 compared to prior years , and that 's largely because that infrastructural stuff that we did all of that investment . 
Than they would have before in fact there 's an interesting incident from one of our hubs that told us that recently that they used to have four people in total doing this kind of compliance work manually . 
And what that means for us is that we can see a clear path from where we are to over a hundred thousand supplier connections and tens of millions in revenue in the next few years from Repositrak alone . 
Lots of hard work , blood , sweat and tears because we knew it was important to our customer base that we demonstrate the ability to be GAAP profitable we certainly did that . 
Looking at each of the traps scanning the number which trap # 1173 and then if there is a creature in it , he has to remove the creature and take amugshot of the creature . 
Because it is hard for me to imagine if we go out in our time machine one year from today . 
As we add suppliers as hubs , they might only have 30 suppliers . 
Im especially pleased with the progress in our EWP segment as engineering a turnaround in this business was one of my first priorities after assuming the COO role last January . 
Our plan is to run it as full as possible on siding , but we are retaining the capability to make commodity OSB in that plant . 
I wanted to talk a little bit about input costs and manufacturing costs in OSB and I think you 've alluded to it by discussing the number of down days . 
In addition , our market share growth has outpaced single - family housing starts since the fourth quarter of 2016 , which we believe is in part a strong testament to the high quality and value of our smartside offering . 
And then our Swan Valley plant that we converted in 2000 and 15 it did not run at full capacity . 
While OSB continues to be the largest revenue contributor on a consolidated basis . 
We will be able to decouple our performance from the commodity cycle that dominates OSB ; we believe that the end result of these focused and deliberate actions will be more consistent and sustainable results over time . 
We enter 2018 from a position of strength with the opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value to our shareholders . 
We are transforming LP into a building solutions company and the financial results reflect that change . 
If the market is good enough , you could pretty much run it all the time on siding , which I know that 's not realistic day one , but that 's physically possible right . 
That is correct we 've moved it over to the segment January 1 , and the reason we did that was that there are some operating cost expense that goes early into the project . 
Sallie will be referencing these slides in her comments : This morning we plan on filing our ten - k later this afternoon and have already filed the eight - k this morning with some supplemental information . 
In fact , it was our strongest year since 2000 and 5 ameaningful achievement when considering the fact that there were . 
These factors contributed to improved price realization across our three product segments ; the recently passed tax reform package is likely to boost investment and consumer spending in the near term . 
After my first seven months as CEO of LPI am excited and energized by the progress we have made in our outlook for the future . 
And demographics are improving as millennials transition to their late twenties and enter the phase of life when many begin to think about purchasing a first home . 
And we wanted to make sure we were capturing that expense in our siding segment rather than Osb was one of the reasons we did it , Sallie may have other things she should mention , but . 
Pretty much exclusively going to be making OSB this year in the siding segment . 
We would look - 10 we would look at be running that new system essentially for around 20 : 21 OK , so now Im not making a statement on the sequence of Val ' dOr vs Cook . 
These results were driven by lower medical costs as reflected by a 60 - basis point improvement in our medical care ratio compared to the first quarter . 
Im also happy to report that our rate discussions with the Commonwealth have gone well and that we received a rate increase of approximately 2 1 / 2 % that . 
Finally we wanted to provide you with ample notice that we are postponing our 2016 Fall Investor Day in September . 
Was effective on July one stepping away from the macroeconomic situation on the island , there remains much that is within our control . 
As disclosed in our ten - q for the first quarter , this matter arose as a result of enrollment discrepancies between our health plan in the Commonwealth in the early stages of our contract . 
For 2016 , as to where we are in our guidance range , but we 're less focused on where we are in the guidance range this year and more , what are we putting in place ? 
We entered into an agreement with Memorial Hermann in Houston to add this prestigious hospital to our network in 2000 and 17 finally . 
And we 've seen increased momentum during quarter four last year , which encouragingly has continued into this year . 
It 's been a busy three months since our strategy presentation and Im very pleased to be here today . 
Our initial catchment and focus group research identified three key demographic groups that were heavily represented in the catchment and whom our masterplan approach needed to actively and effectively target . 
So why are we so confident in our retail positioning I wanted to reflect back on two slides from our strategy presentation in December , the first of them we believe community shopping centres ? 
We now have a healthy and growing pipeline of Optix and Lavante opportunities as clients seek better tools and services to provide insights . 
To increase Ebitda and manage their critical supplier relationships ameaningful differentiator of our analytics and SIM tools over other alternatives . 
Effective competitions like the 6 th - month contest with the Atlantis trip also helped drive momentum in the second half of the year ; the result was distribution growth across the board . 
It 's expected that OMB will approve the rule and a final regulation will be published in the coming months , with implementation expected around year - end . 
Starting on Slide 6 , our term life segment experienced strong growth compared with the fourth quarter a year ago . 
Many of the discussions that Ive heard of around increased cost or the cost of compliance with bice the need to provide additional information prior to sale . 
The Dol rule either as we understand it today or the discussions of what it might be that put us at a competitive disadvantage such that people would leave our company to go to another company . 
In 2017 , the level of capital deployment may be modestly lower due to several factors . 
We began the year with positive momentum generated by solid growth in the second half of 2014 ; our underlying business fundamentals are very strong due to the improvements we 've made over the last several years . 
And ongoing information , and so if we operate outside of bice , then we do n 't expect it to be impacted by those . 
But we did our own and that was an one of our concerns was that the same exam given in four pieces is more difficult to pass than a single exam . 
On a full quarter basis , the ratio of new life insurance licenses to recruits was 17 . 4 % and we expect this ratio to continue to be near this range for the full year 2016 we also expect the ratio . 
Earlier in 2015 we actually got authority from our board to . 
We are making good progress in delivering the plan we announced on 1 March and the diversification benefit to the group is showing through . 
In the IB , the capital markets environment was pretty robust in the third quarter , so we feel good about where we 've got to it is part of our key strategy to . 
For LPL , the reduction in corporate tax rates will benefit our financial results and Matt will cover this in his remarks . 
Acquired , NPH stayed disciplined on expenses to drive operating leverage . 
But we also increased our ICA deposit rates by an average of four basis points towards the end of January , assuming no further changes in fed rates or our deposit rates . 
We estimate a net benefit of roughly 12 percentage points from tax reform , as the 14 - point reduction in corporate tax rates will be partially offset by some deductions that were eliminated . 
And then taking that further into Ebitda combining with where those assets are going on our platforms , the profitability associated with that mix . 
RIA because the regulatory environment gets tougher and that value that we provide from a risk management standpoint . 
One of our top priorities for 2000 and 18 is making it easier for advisers and their clients to do business with us . 
In summary , we feel good about the business and earnings growth we delivered in 2017 : We plan to remain focused on our strategic priorities of growing our core business and executing with excellence . 
As a result of that and then just - additionally , with the press reporting that Finra is thinking about maybe ending . 
We feel good about the progress we made on our strategic priorities as we grew organically acquired NPH and delivered operating leverage while also benefiting from a favorable macro environment . 
First , we generated a benefit of 11 percentage points from tax reform as we are in a net deferred tax liability position and we wrote down those liabilities to the lower rates . 
Our investments for organic growth is just looking at the past few years : I think when we 've been focused on a bit of a challenging macro environment and really delivering bottom line operating leverage we 've been in that 0 % to 2 % growth range . 
I also want to provide an update on our overall asset expectations for NPH when . 
Second , we had a seven percentage point benefit from our estimated state tax rates from prior years , which ended up being lower than what we had estimated . 
Most of the changes that we 've made up to this point or all of the changes that we 've made up to this point apply to both qualified and nonqualified accounts , so even if the SEC comes out with something that is not a big pivot for us based on how we 've approached it . 
Does n 't really indicate that it 's a higher activity level because as you can see from the graph Q 3 of last year . 
These initiatives are a key part of HBCs future growth and we look forward to realizing the benefits of these investments in the coming quarters . 
Im happy to say that in the third quarter we made progress in all three areas . 
The short answer is : This has no impact on us as part of the HBCs effort to highlight the value of its real estate . 
As well as our performance during the third quarter and year - to - date , we remain confident in our ability to execute during the holiday season and into 2000 and 16 before I conclude I would like to take amoment to thank our associates . 
This quarter was a very active quarter for HBC as we continue to execute on our strategy for targeted profitable growth . 
In addition to providing another independent validation of the value of our real estate , the proceeds allowed us to pay down our term loan B and further Delever HBCs balance sheet . 
This increase in gross profit dollars was primarily related to the inclusion of HBC Europe . 
I would also like to extend a warm welcome to all of our new associates in Germany and Belgium who recently joined the HBC family . 
Good morning , my name is Anita and I will be your conference operator today ; at this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call . 
With emphasis on the fourth quarter for further reference , we 've also attached an expanded quarterly appendix at the end of this presentation , as well as a full quarterly reconciliation of any non - GAAP financial measures used . 
Turning to slide 9 , we continue to make good progress with expenses . 
And increasing duration on the overall investment portfolio during quarter 4 you can see the spot HTM balances at year - end is above the average balance for the quarter as investments were made . 
Starting with Slide 3 , while many of you are familiar with Butterfield , Id like to provide an overview of the bank . 
Usually on an annual basis starting January 1 , but we 've continued to move up and as our . 
Before I turn the call over to Michael Collins , I would like to remind everyone that today 's discussion will refer to certain non - gaapmeasures which we believe are important in evaluating the company 's performance . 
In addition , we have now started to make premium payments to the Bermuda deposit insurance scheme and finally we now have some new costs associated with being a Us public company . 
We continue to operate below the median of comparable us banks due to the relatively lower credit - risk density of our balance sheet . 
We continue to make excellent headway in support of our strategic plan with the acquisition and seamless integration of HSBC Bermuda 's private banking , investment management and trust business . 
This facility is being sized and designed to support the anticipated growth we could see for the next ten years . 
Fiscal 2017 turned out to be a pivotal year for us in terms of realizing gains . 
While some of this was market - driven , our results were also significantly influenced by the level of investment we made in our primary businesses to pursue the organic growth objectives we envisioned five years ago . 
We have seen the volume of collectibles submitted to us for grading increase dramatically in the last 12 months . 
Once completed , a new facility will form the hub we need to continue to expand our us business . 
And the loss of revenue from certain customers in connection with the replacement of our Telstar 12 satellite with our Telstar 12 vantage satellite early last year . 
At 63 degrees , West longitude to expand our services over the Americas , the Caribbean , and the North Atlantic . 
Last month we held our global energy race and perhaps some of you were able to join in among the more than 70000 people . 
And after 24 months , the customers do n 't have to pay any more . 
Yes with respect to ARPA revenue while AU ARPA is increasing and the . 
On top of the conventional credit cards on July 4 , we started to accept Apple pay on our prepaid cards ; we will continue to work to improve convenience for customers going forward . 
The number of total subscriptions on the left grew fourfold in three years to 24 million since we signed a joint . 
Gross merchandise value of the AU Economic Zone in the first quarter , as shown on the left , was 1 . 5 times what it was a year ago . 
And had a very strong year in 2000 and 15 , primarily due to continued growth in database and targeted marketing , which drove healthy increases in both slot and table games revenue . 
Developments and results may differ from those projected the risks , and uncertainties related to these statements are detailed in our filings with the SEC during this call ; we will also discuss non - GAAP financial measures . 
We reference these non - gaapmeasures because management uses them in part to manage the business and to enhance investor understanding of the underlying trends in our business and to provide better comparability between periods in different years . 
We are now experiencing some revenue generation synergies from the combination of these two businesses . 
We also make certain compensation decisions based in part on our operating performance , as measured by adjusted Ebitda , and our credit facility requires us to comply with the consolidated secured leverage ratio that includes performance metrics . 
Represents our highest quarterly performance since the third quarter of 2000 and 8 , this is a direct result of our continuing commitment to innovate across our product portfolio . 
And the remainder would relate to general corporate capital expenditures and capex related to our New York lottery business following the recent extension of the agreement for two years . 
Ive discussed already many of the underlying metrics and other expectations in our 2018 outlook , however here are a few other items that may assist you in your modeling . 
While we report our operations in two segments and each of these segments , games and payments can be separated and operated independently , we do not see ourselves in that narrow context . 
And the growth of approximately a hundred trial units also set another record at the end of the first quarter . 
We will be reporting non - gaap adjusted revenue and related measures for the prior - year periods . 
On the games sales side , our E 43 cabinet is gaining solid traction with our customers and helping to drive unit sales growth . 
Last year we introduced our ATM services into Canada . 
That two - segment definition is really too simplistic for how our business actually creates value for our customers and shareholders specifically on the payments side . 
And then at that point we 'll assess the market to see whether it makes sense to sell one or both of them . 
If you look through these two major items , our earnings and net operating income are basically flat with last year 's June quarter . 
In conclusion , we still have some backfilling to do at some of our warehouse locations as a result of the inordinate amount of tenants that have vacated over the last eight months , but are making positive inroads towards higher occupancies prior to years . 
Contained in the press release that we issued yesterday afternoon as well as in our filings with the SEC , in addition some comparisons will refer to nonapmeasures . 
Our earnings release and SEC filings contain additional information about these non - gaapmeasures why we use them and why we believe they 're helpful to investors and contain reconciliations to the GAAP data . 
Today 's call will provide an update on our overall core performance for the second quarter of our fiscal 2017 and . 
Will be a function of eliminating the 2017 expenses to execute the program plus capturing incremental benefits as we achieve the full run rate of the expected savings . 
We 're also slightly trimming our outlook for sales to our process industry end markets to reflect weaker OEM order trends . 
Our outlook for the rest of the year we 'll cover some specifics on our two platforms followed by selected highlights from our financial statements : Our liquidity and our cash flow afterwards we 'll open up the call for your questions . 
As well as for some of the institutional verticals within nonrisk construction to reflect some of the uneven nature of how we think the six months plays out . 
We posted our first quarter slides on the IR home page of our website at Heidrickcom and we encourage you to print them for additional context , but we wo n 't be referring to specific page numbers during our opening comments . 
Since the beginning of the year we 've conducted five intensive training sessions on our Heidrick consulting offerings for our search consultants , we have three more coming up over the next month . 
In these sessions consultants from both lines of business work together to identify promising opportunities to expand the breadth of our engagements with clients who only know us for one type of service . 
So we think we may see some homes closing at a slower average sales price and a customer selecting a 1400 or 1500 square foot instead of a 1600 to 1800 square feet as one of the offsets to rates increasing . 
We appreciate your continued interest in LGI homes during today 's call , I will summarise the highlights from the fourth quarter and the full year after - 4 th then Charles will follow up to discuss our financial results in more detail . 
Our primary objective when we went public in 2013 was to access the capital markets to fuel our growth by replicating our business model across the country . 
And therefore , the convertible notes were determined to be dilutive ; this resulted in an approximate 1 . 3 million share increase to the weighted average shares outstanding for the diluted EPS calculation for the quarter . 
In summary , we are very pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2016 we are poised to take advantage of continued growth opportunities in new and existing markets and believe we are well positioned . 
The first of our five strategies is what we call integrated and open solutions in the cloud . 
They 're becoming unique in the space in Ks - 12 where our historic competitors . 
Please refer to our most recent form 10 - K and SEC filings for more information on those risks : We believe that a combination of both GAAP and non - GAAP measures are more representative of how we internally measure our business . 
The hit We Took in Q 1 comparatively to the prior year really equated to . 
The growth in subscription revenue is a result of our strong and balanced performance across the cloud portfolio migration of our midmarket customers to NXT and . 
Just what we know today that it would be at least as high as what we have in 16 because the continued investment in innovation and the positive improvements in quality that I think we 'll continue to see some benefits of next year . 
Our infrastructure and preparing for the move to the cloud on the midmarket , we spent quite a bit more in the RDO area and infrastructure , and if you aggregate our depreciation and amortization of the software . 
Are you seeing some of those potential enterprise CRM customers look at NXT instead ? 
Today we will review our Q 1 financial and operational results provide commentary on our performance in the context of our 5 - point growth strategy . 
Please note that non - GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from . 
Im pleased to say that our first quarter financial performance was a solid start to the year and positions us well to achieve our full year 2000 and 16 guidance . 
Yes , Ben , so that would be I think two places we still have license largely will be CRM - driven , we do still sell a handful of new modules or user licenses back to the existing base . 
I want to pause here and acknowledge what a strong partner Herb has been for me , and the company in working through this plan Herb brings excellent insight and judgment to the CFO role , having led one of our fastests growing offices . 
In summary , as we celebrate our 20 th anniversary , we are reigniting our fundamental vision as a company helping the world work differently . 
The actual numbers are misleading as a result of Easter falling in the first five weeks last year , but not this year . 
Historic foundation of our GP has been a lot of finance and accounting professionals who are very comfortable calling in those functional areas in a client our business development folks . 
This financial performance reflects what we have experienced since the start of fiscal 2017 : We have seen limited growth while making investments in our service capabilities for our clients . 
The sales transformation effort is amulti - step process that we believe will take approximately 12 to 18 months to complete fully ; we are building a rigorous sales culture . 
During this call we will be commenting on our results for the third quarter of Fiscal 2017 : By now you should have a copy of today 's press release if you need a copy and are unable to access the copy on our website . 
Next I will outline the strategic initiative we have launched to improve our profitability and revenue generation I will close by reflecting on our GPs vision and the relevance of our business model in today 's economy . 
Which has been a strong performing market for RGP , this is a new function in the executive team and one which will help us move from a primarily geographically focused client service delivery model . 
Representing an effective tax rate of almost 49 % our GAAP tax rate for each of the upcoming quarters is difficult to predict and could be volatile as the rate will be dependent on several factors , including the operating results of our us and foreign locations . 
I want to begin by noting that our 20 th anniversary as a company happens this month . 
During the quarter we were also pleased to have expanded Orkin 's presence internationally by adding six franchises in Central America South America . 
And mosquito and bed bug services in each of the five states in which they operate . 
When our family first moved to Atlanta four years ago , it was northwest that knocked on our door and provided excellent pest control and termite services . 
There will be a replay of the call which will begin one hour after the call and run for one week . 
And believe they 'll be an exceptional addition to Rollins founded by the Phillips family in 1951 and headquartered on the outskirts of Atlanta . 
A little over 4 % we believe this is in part the result of the improved efficiency from our enhanced routing and scheduling through the virtual route management system . 
The decrease in the percent of revenue is due to lower administrative salaries as a percent of revenues which continues to see incremental gains from the BOSS project . 
We talked in previous quarters about being able to use the technology of boss on things like termite billing . 
This is an important strategic initiative within Marlin 2 point : Oh , so Im very pleased to have somebody of Dave 's caliber in this role . 
And a recent Federal Reserve study found that two of the three top issues concerning small businesses were the lack of credit availability and uneven cash flow . 
And Third Marlin has been operating for almost two decades with an evolving set of business processes that need to be evaluated and renewed in order to improve the company 's operating efficiency . 
In closing we at Marlin are looking forward to achieving the objectives that we have laid out for you on the past two earnings calls . 
And finally , despite transformation , expenses incurred during the third quarter that caused the slight decline in Roe . 
So I think we put on something like 300 loans in the third quarter . 
Ill begin my remarks today with an overview of the key highlights from this past quarter , including an update on our Marlin 2 - point OH initiative that I outlined on our call last quarter , which is aimed to taking Marlin to its next level of growth and profitability . 
Given this overarching goal , the company adopted new mission and vision statements during the third quarter two point Oh 's mission , which is a statement of our purpose is to help small businesses achieve their American dream . 
Our new franchise platform also has the potential to become an independent business within two point OH as we work to expand its products beyond just equipment finance . 
Before wrapping upmy remarks , Id like to share with you the three strategic objectives that we have established for the next several years as extensions of the new Marlin 2 point oh paradigm . 
Expenses relating to nonrecurring and strategic initiatives tempered EPS slightly in the third quarter . 
The full quarter impact of the new CEO as well as prospective changes to where the company reports expenses relating to its insurance program . 
We expect full year ROE to improve as the business better leverages its fixed costs . 
Business over the next three years , which I think will either happen through just natural organic extensions in the existing businesses or . 
Through the combination of these activities we expect to improve Marlin 's operating efficiency ratio in the coming years to approximately 45 % and finally our third objective is to use capital more productively . 
With higher average transaction sizes and a decline in late fees , the company experienced a slight increase of seven basis points in cost of funds . 
And that growth is going to come from slower growth within our traditional core channels , probably 5 % growth and substantial growth within the new channels and the expansion channels that Jeff mentioned . 
Due to a variety of factors , we refer you to Marlin 's recent filings with the SEC for more detailed discussions . 
A transformative process which we are referring to as Marlin 2 point OH through this transformation process , we expect to drive sustainable growth . 
We are currently six weeks into this effort , and while it is still early days in what will ultimately be a sixIA - 9 - month project , I am very encouraged by what we are seeing in terms of the potential gains in throughput while maintaining current headcount levels . 
We already have installed capacity above 3 million tons of heavy plates , this is amarket that . 
You pose two questions : the one would be working capital and what would be the level of working capital . 
When you decide that this volume goes into the market six months afterwards because you have to reconnect the plant , you have to hire new people . 
During the second half was not considered in this srep decision so we could expect this to continue . 
Some of these bids will be - kilometre can happen during the current year , but they can happen next year or even in two years from now . 
Before almost 2030 , so that 's why it 's so important for us to have really a good footprint . 
We will continue to integrate business acquisitions made in the past two years in order to capture Cross - selling opportunities across our network . 
Slide 9 shows our results compared with the outlook we provided on our second quarter call in July . 
The general economics of the agreement provide for National MI to retain amargin of up to 80 % of the ceded premium . 
In summary , we had another excellent quarter highlighted by our first quarterly profit and are tracking to a highly profitable second half of 2000 and 16 with that . 
Second , only to the day we wrote our first mortgage insurance policy just three years ago . 
The underwriting environment continues to be very high quality ; more than half of the business we are writing is at FICO scores of 7 , 6 oh plus . 
Although deeper MI coverage would help to expand the market , National MI does not need a larger market to fulfill our primary financial objectives . 
Let me now turn it back over to Brad for his closing remarks : Thank you , Glenn , this has been an exciting time at National MI . 
We are also grateful to our customers for believing in national MI and our shareholders and business partners for supporting us since our founding . 
Before the impact of reinsurance , we expect premium yield on our primary book to continue to migrate upward to around 50 bps over the next several quarters . 
And four of the participants are new entrants to our sector : They see National MI as an attractive partner for their first domestic MI treaty , and we expect they will be receptive to future transactions with us . 
In addition to our strong Q 2 financial results and establishing a reinsurance agreement . 
Should we expect for the full year that you can keep growing double digits , obviously understanding you 're going to have one less week next year than you did this year ? 
And 8 . 9 million daily active users added in the fourth quarter , the highest number of quarterly net adds since the third quarter of 2016 , all this growth came at a lower cost than the previous quarter . 
The retention rate of new Android users increased by nearly 20 % when compared to last year , meaning that the people who try Snapchat on Android are much more likely to stick around and become daily active users . 
We entered 2018 energized by the opportunities in front of us and excited to deliver against our plan for user growth , augmented reality and content Ill now hand over the call to Imran for a discussion of our business results . 
Promoted story allows brands to take advantage of the familiar stories format that we invented four years ago . 
In Q 4 we made a lot of good progress with snap pixel we focused on scaling its usage as well as building out its capabilities . 
So let me comment on the first question , so we did comment on the underlying drivers for the spike - up that we did see in the fourth quarter , and we did share how we 're thinking internally about the Q 1 dynamics . 
Today 's call is to provide you with information regarding our fourth quarter and full year 2017 performance in addition to our financial outlook . 
This additional detail may be onetime in nature , and we may or may not provide an update in the future on these metrics ; please refer to our filings with the SEC to understand how we calculate our metrics with that Id like to turn the call over to Evan . 
As Evan mentioned , we launched Lens Studio less than two months ago to make it easier for our community and our advertisers to create lenses . 
In just two months since its launch , some of the most visited websites have installed the pixel across thousands of domains . 
We drove a 16 percentage point lift in action intent to shop at Target for the holidays as measured by Nielsen . 
Many of the auction dynamics were consistent with prior quarters , although ad volumes were much higher in Q 4 ; it was very encouraging to see some substantial daily sales volumes flowing through the auction during the quarter . 
With our plans for user growth augmented reality and content in 2018 , Ive never been more excited about the future of our business we 're going to keep up the hard work and stay focused on the big opportunities ahead . 
A set of desktop creative tools that make it easy for anyone to create their own augmented reality experiences and distribute them using Snapchat in just six weeks from launch over 30000 lenses were created by our community and viewed over one billion times . 
As expected , it will take time for our community to get used to the changes , but overall we are pleased with the initial results and we 'll be making the redesign available to our entire community in Q 1 there is a lot of work ahead as we optimize the updated application . 
Compared to the old design core metrics around content consumption and time spent in the redesigned application are disproportionately higher for users over the age of 35 , which bodes well for increasing engagement among older users as we continue to grow our business . 
More importantly , our community is embracing our new format on average users that chose to watch promoted stories viewed them for over 10 seconds . 
We drove 15 times more app installs in December compared to April while continuing to drive increased return on investment . 
In three months we more than tripled the number of advertisers spending in our auction . 
We executed well on our 2017 plan to improve quality performance and automation , which removed friction from our advertising business and improved our application for the Snapchat community . 
And out of all our international offices , this region was our top contributor to overall revenue growth in Q 4 , still we have a lot of opportunity to make it even easier for advertisers . 
In 2018 there is much to do and we are focused to deliver on our key priorities I want to share some financial thoughts with you for the early part of the year . 
And obviously we 're taking the capital out of the business as we do it , so that 's really two wins that we 've been executing on on the infrastructure side . 
With two major pork plants coming online at the same time , we 're going to have a lot more hogs if you look at . 
Because of the increase of profit level for us business , the operating profit contribution is already more than half . 
Is about structural changes leading to such fluctuations Q 3 according to the trend . 
Have talked about five to six major points in relation to our future development , and these are his conclusions after looking into the Chinese market . 
One of our fundamental strengths as the WH group has to be the arbitrage of meat around the world we have to find the best market for that . 
It is possible to run the FCC unit in amodified mode while the other refinery units are repaired . 
We expect art revenue to be up double digits this year , with improved product margins reflecting the strong demand for our hydroprocessing technologies . 
We lapped the effect of these transactions by the end of Q 2 second . 
This mix effects were mostly driven by the rebalancing of our FCC sales in the wake of the continuing customer outage and the effect of the polyolefin catalyst acquisition . 
Somewhere in the middle of Q 4 or right at the end of Q 3 Roger we got a couple of different scenarios in our outlook , so the timing is kind of hard to pin down , but we know by the end of year it 'll be exhausted . 
We expect to introduce our second generation mto catalyst before the end of this year . 
This morning 's announcement is a great example ; this will be the largest single train PP unit in the world . 
We are working closely with several customers on new catalysts for these units and expect good growth over the next two to three years as these plants reach full utilization . 
That demand is up significantly this year and we expect it to continue to grow over the next two or three years . 
I do n 't mind saying we 've been a little surprised too at how fast licensing has come back six or nine months ago , we were prepared for a couple of years of . 
Please see our recent SEC filings for more details on the risks that could impact Grace 's future operating results and financial condition . 
Some of these units will be large and are being built to produce petrochemical feedstocks similar to the units we began supplying in Q 2 ; we have a solid position in this high - value product segment . 
And Ebit and Ebitda to be in the lower half of their respective ranges . 
As you look out three - plus years , do you see meaningful opportunity for consolidation in the industry or rather is it the case that ? 
And can you quantify the impact of the turnaround in terms of Ebit , we spent not all of this is running through Q 2 earnings , but we spent ? 
We will discuss certain non - GAAP financial measures which are described in more detail in this morning 's earnings release and on our website at Grace dot com reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures . 
Although the customer outage has affected our sales and margins this year , our strategy is unchanged ; we are focused on delivering value to our customers in the most demanding FCC applications . 
More sophisticated random and impact copolymers , our licensing pipeline is healthy and growing , with more than 10 opportunities expected to reach decision points in the next six to nine months . 
While the recent announcements involving Zte and Huawei present new uncertainties , we currently expect limited effect on short - term business in China , Ill explain that in further detail later in the call . 
And then resume more normalized growth through coming quarters in 2018 , a couple of other things Id like to note before moving on to data centers . 
The transaction , which we expect will close during our fiscal Q 3 , includes a license fee as well as the sale of related inventory and manufacturing equipment at net book value . 
To begin contributing to revenue growth in calendar 2018 and for many years to come . 
I think our degree of exposure is materially different than it used to be , but let me provide some color on the Huawei situation , I would caution people not to lead to the same denial of export that Zte got . 
Was direct cost related to the manufacturing and production side so that goes through cogs more , so there 's a couple of . 
Looking at some of the moving pieces as I reported last November , we saw an abrupt and significant pickup in orders in PON demand for which had flatlined in the previous six months . 
Last quarter we received volume production orders for three GAN programs that I had referred to in previous calls . 
This is the strongest bidding activity that Ive seen in my five years at Macom on top of this groundswell of activity . 
At a higher level , the future looks very bright for macom ; the industry is entering the next phase of infrastructure , spending globally . 
We 've passed all those gates now , we have the production on those first three programs , so that 's vitally important because performing operationally was the last thing that we had to do . 
So from the numbers we 've seen this year , they 're getting back to 80 % of the unit volume on the client side of the previous peak . 
Which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties because actual results may differ materially from those discussed today , Macom claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward 's looking statements . 
We spent the early part of the March Quarter reloading our production pipeline and had a partial quarter of shipments in Q 2 current forecasts from our customers and recent tenders from carriers . 
In summary , we expect our various optical GAN and FEM products . 
With the recent award of 5 G Metro and provincial deployments in Nokia , Shanghai Bell and others , the last remaining pocket of the downturn caused by the China government transition looks to soon be behind us . 
We 're falling back on a chipset business , it actually allows with our supply chain partners a better cost structure to our Tosa customers . 
So I would fully expect that Huawei would be complying with everything necessary to clean their name , and if there was a bad actor , they would be taking action where it seems that Zte did not . 
We will now sell chipsets and enable low - cost manufacturing partners for subassemblies ; this action is expected to result in better overall cost structures for our Tosa customers . 
In total we expect sales in the data centers to grow progressively through each quarter in 2018 as we scale analogue and laser capacity and ramp our l - pic solutions . 
While the latest developments with Zte and Huawei create new uncertainties , it 's important to note that Macom supplies technology and products that are not readily replicated by anyone anywhere , including China . 
Either orders or three customers that you have that have given you production - type orders would you clarify what you mean by that ? 
In addition , with a significant real estate in our portfolio , we have alternative capital sources from which to pull to continue our prudent growth strategy in 2016 without accessing the equity markets . 
If you turn to the next slide , you will see how we have performed over the past two years through very different crude price environments . 
We also experienced a lot of site change in the period as we completely dealerized the one stop locations while adding the SSG sites late in the quarter . 
On slide 9 we have detailed a chart to compare the performance of this quarter to the same period last year , as noted previously we are experiencing a significant contribution from our recent acquisitions . 
The typical seasonal trend is for the third quarter volume to decline 3 % to 5 % from the second quarter . 
In the third quarter last year we completed the acquisition of Northern Illinois Steel Supply and All Metal Services , followed by the fourth quarter 2000 and 14 acquisition of Fox Metals & Alloys . 
We are cautious in regard to both business activity levels and metal pricing in the fourth quarter of 2015 , these factors combined with two less shipping days in the fourth quarter . 
Rough feel for 2016 Capex at this point and any commentary you can make on working capital as well . 
At 7 % flat - rolled pricing has been under pressure for over a year now with . 
Our board amended our share repurchase plan and increased the authorised number of shares available to be repurchased by 7 . 5 million . 
In the first quarter of 2015 , sales to the aerospace market have increased as a percentage of our total sales . 
Given strong underlying demand pricing for aerospace , aluminum plate has increased with two price increases announced this year . 
Because metal prices decline more than we had anticipated in the 2015 third quarter as compared to the 2015 second quarter , we increased our estimate of our annual LIFO inventory valuation adjustment . 
Now representing nearly 10 % in the third quarter of 2000 and 15 , We Believe Reliance remains very well - positioned to gain market share in this area on a global basis . 
This adjustment reflects LIFO accounting working in the manner intended reducing FIFO cost of sales in a declining price environment to value inventory at current replacement cost . 
These charges are presented in our table of non - gaap net income and earnings per share amounts in our press release issued earlier today . 
Calculated on our September 30 inventory levels and year - to date shipment levels . 
Our release and today 's commentary include non - gaap financial measures which exclude the impact of restructuring , acquisition , and divestiture expenses and charges in current year results . 
Im proud of the company we have built over our first two years and believe we have one of the safest and most engaged workforce in the industry that drives a high level of execution and performance . 
This was partially offset by acquisitions and strong organic growth in Americas , Emeia and the Asia Pacific mechanical and electronic hardware business . 
We look forward to 2016 as an opportunity to build on our prior results . 
And we 'll continue to get good leverage on the incremental volume , so I would anticipate the margin improvement to accelerate a little bit in 2016 basis of the incremental volume forecasted . 
Supported by our 2015 performance , we believe these investments will enable the company to grow at an accelerated pace and faster than the broader market with higher returns on invested capital . 
The growth of both revenue margin will make an investments in our business and demonstrates the disciplined approach we set out two years ago . 
Continued really excellent execution relative to our march towards the 10 % target , Id say we ended the year pretty much in line . 
Was approximately 1 % this is a significant accomplishment and we feel we are well positioned for continued . 
Incremental investments , which are forecasted to be lower in 2015 , will be focused on new products and channel development to meet . 
Our investments in new products will provide growth not just for 2016 but for sustained growth in the future . 
Both Simonsvoss and Axa performed well in the quarter and are delivering on the expected results . 
Our own data from the Newton study showed that those patients that receive the current standard of care . 
And intensity of medical care required and the procedures needed for these patients during those 17 days in the intensive care unit and the 25 days that are required in the hospital . 
Based on our current plans , we expect our cash and cash equivalents to be sufficient to fund our operations , at least through the full data read out from our Newton - 2 study . 
Like returning patients back to work or the reduction of ICU and hospital length of stay that we 've already seen in the Newton study . 
Should we expect those two variables to continue to weigh on your profitability in the fourth quarter and early next year ? 
At 11 % for the year , but we 're going to go through in more detail of what we did specifically in the second semester to really accelerate our investments towards our strategy , so for the year we finished . 
We had to have it so we 're rolling that out in Q 1 and announcing that here . 
A product a OH . 1 product release where we 're just addressing some issues , this is all innovation that was necessary for us to have a platform . 
Being able to keep this momentum that we build along the H 2 and during this first semester to have a very successful first . 
If our signature metric is growing , then the health of our new sales is growing and continuing , so as we go through this transformation we may have positive or negative license throughout the years , but my ACV is growing . 
It 's all either being released in Q 1 or putting in public data so we could go - to - market at the end of this quarter with a true platform . 
Before going exactly on how we invested , I want to use three key successes of the year : three key successes that demonstrate the value of the amplify platform and our strategy , the first one a large bank in Brazil . 
Creating a new business and wanted to launch a full brand and a full business in less than four months . 
And we plan to do so in 2019 , additionally 2019 is still a year of some investments we have to do so I still have to do some work on the . 
And all of this to become a leader in the hybrid integration platform market by 2020 , so with all of this strategy and if we could become the leader in 2020 that really gives me . 
Subscription specific , but other elements like MFT they may want to continue to run it in their server room for their own reasons and buy a license for budgeting or other reasons . 
The last mile I call it to go from your hub out to a salesforce , Im not going to build a thousand of those or invest it somebody else , Does it better Id like to work with someone else to provide that ? 
The analysts and the market is telling us that 's where it 's going , but from a business model and from a financial model if you look back over the last 10 years we 've been relatively flat on average . 
So you could list them and they are available to see in the catalogue , and this is what the customer would be running if they bought the amplify . 
An exciting company that we could use as a platform for the next 10 to 15 years of axway and it sets us . 
And we 're taking our new subscription ACV or annual contract value . 
That is the constant challenge that we 're taking on and going to continue in that investment in 2019 , but we were able to do a lot of it in the second half of the year . 
As I talked about in July , I took over as O O in April until in July we had done a lot of work to . 
Are now available in my catalogue so when I was talking about the catalogue and the power of the catalogue , so we 're putting our MFT or B 2 B flows , that 's where we meet our customers , that 's what they 're looking to us security . 
And if we were to do the math of this expense by the multiple of Ebitda , we would see that there is a discount as well . 
We have already seen a good dilution of fixed cost , so in payroll and services this was very favourable in these two quarters already sequentially and what we had in terms of . 
In the fourth quarter of Eighteen and this initiative of liability management continues underway . 
From the Ebitda that you generate that is question # 1 , question # 2 Can you comment on the progress that you 're making with pricing both in domestic coated board ? 
We 'll be talking about what we are seeing in the mid and the last two years and very much in the last year and we still see there . 
And moving the balance that was in other FI services to the Fraud Security , Risk Management and Operational Services category . 
And forms and accessories expected to represent approximately 20 % of revenue . 
We understand it is important for us to maintain low decline rates , but given the size of the FS checks business now . 
We anticipate that marketing solutions and other services revenue , which is primarily fraud and securities , offers for this segment to be about 10 % of direct checks revenue . 
But as this evolves as I mentioned and you picked up and remembered well from the JANUARY 6 call is . 
We are also providing a directional annual Ebitdamargin profile in total and for each of the five MOS categories . 
That our MOS Ebitdamargins are also now approaching our overall company average . 
So I do expect that I will complete the search and hopefully be able to announce a new CFO by the next earnings call . 
We believe there is an opportunity to bring the data and information that we have on those 4 . 4 million small businesses . 
Higher earnings and lower interest payments were partially offset by higher income tax and contract acquisition payments , as well as an incentive payment in 2015 from a previous acquisition . 
If achieved , this performance would translate to a total revenue mix of 38 % of revenue . 
Operating margins - 1 or Ebitdamargins , but we are going to continue to work each of these categories as we continue to transform the company . 
We completed the acquisition of FMCG , which will further enhance our financial services , marketing solutions and other services product set . 
As we exit 2016 on the heels of a strong quarterly performance and a continued sluggish economy , we have made tremendous progress in transforming deluxe . 
Going to slide 7 with record production and a strong cost performance , we succeeded in generating solid financial results for the year . 
The majority of which took place on the SMC this strong mineral resource space lends itself to potential reserve growth conversion in the future . 
This afternoon we 're always happy when we can all be in the same place and have an opportunity to talk to the market and we 're even happier when we can put out some of the results that we 've done over the last 24 hours so . 
For Fosterville beginning in 2000 and 18 looking at other expenses , the growth in the size of our business portfolio was a primary factor in leading to an increase in corporate , general and administrative expenses . 
In 2016 you can expect more of the same from us as we invest in our brands and our infrastructure and our people we are confident in our ability to deliver consistent , profitable and sustainable growth . 
That in 2000 and 17 we should have some material impact from that work , and even in the short term on some of the rapid replenishment as we 're piloting some of those things we should have some early read on that too so . 
For total core revenue growth of 18 basis points on assets when you include Harbor and Sunshine , and Steve can give you some more color . 
Looking forward into 2019 , we continue to expect cost saves from Charter to be fully realized in the second quarter after the conversion of the core systems . 
Building the company to grow everything good in the company 10 % a year through a cycle . 
And also increased seven basis points from the third quarter in 2017 , this upward trend has continued even with the effects of our purchase of lower core NIM banks that we purchased this year . 
And branch consolidations and over the last two years we 've consolidated a total of 45 branches and increased our average deposits per branch along the way so we 're encouraged by the positive revenue trends in the last year . 
Please refer to the GAAP versus non - GAAP reconciliations in our presentation which contain the reconciliation of the adjusted financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures . 
Expense that we need to keep in mind with AIS or are we all done with that next quarter ? 
And that they do n 't start moving more aggressively on price , the likely timing for that would be beginning of calendar 2019 , but of course depending upon how hot things get we could always go sooner . 
I spent some time in Iowa two weeks ago with the deco team and came away very excited about our continued prospects for growth . 
And to achieve a return on invested capital above our weighted average cost of capital in the third full year and we expect AIS to meet both of those financial hurdles . 
And when you combine the two solutions together and also offer payments which we first talked to you about . 
With the introduction of GST and with the earlier VAT regime , some of the arbitrage is gone that we believe it becomes a very , very interesting opportunity for us to focus upon . 
So what you could do in 50 years in the past in a traditional industry that in a technology industry you can do it much faster and we have been very successful in terms of compressing time . 
I would also like to remind everyone that all figures are being quoted in us dollars unless otherwise stated . 
In 2019 we 're relatively confident that we 'll be able to get back to our targets . 
We expect thp 's results to remain below our target for the next couple of quarters as we continue to implement budget updates on our remaining investments , although we believe the results are stabilizing as you can see by the bar graph on the slide . 
Using these internally generated cash flows we believe we are well positioned to execute on our current growth initiatives , including the TAH joint venture that we recently announced . 
For more information please refer to our most recent management discussion and analysis and annual information form which are available on SEDAR and our company website . 
We did receive a favorable response from the regulators and there is an opportunity for NUVO to submit a revised registration dossier containing our existing clinical data to select EU member states . 
Management 's prepared remarks will track the presentation : Please turn to slide 4 to follow along please note that any references to figures in this presentation are qualified in their entirety by the endnotes at the back of the presentation . 
In our non - qm loan strategy we reached critical mass for a second securitization , which Im happy to announce we actually just priced earlier this morning . 
We would need to make certain portfolio adjustments to comply with the REIT rules as a result of these adjustments we would expect the growth rate of our net investment income to slow temporarily . 
We own a 45 % stake and where we work closely with management to increase franchise value lendsure is amaturing company with a broad geographic footprint . 
We are now in a position to say that EEN expects to convert to a real estate investment trust or REIT during the first half of 2000 and 19 , barring an unforeseen impediments in connection with such a conversion . 
You can track changes in portfolio size and composition on slide 8 , we continued to be less focused on the more commoditized credit sectors . 
We would expect to take several steps to help qualify as a REIT , including selling certain non - real estate related assets and moving other non - real estate related assets into taxable REIT subsidiaries . 
That said , we still expect that the credit strategy will continue to be by far the main driver of EFCs earnings . 
Where thanks to our proprietary sourcing and origination channels we have assembled a portfolio of assets with a blended unlevered market yield of 8 . 8 % as we did in the prior quarter . 
Several strategies that generated significant gains last quarter had smaller gains or modest losses in Q 3 , and we also had net losses on our credit hedges this quarter , as opposed to net gains last quarter . 
Please turn to slide 7 for details on the attribution of earnings between our credit and agency strategies . 
As our portfolio size increased , we also added some credit hedges as you can see on slide 16 jr and Larry mentioned that our adjusted net income effectively covered our dividend for the quarter . 
A REIT conversion would also be facilitated by exchanging a portion of our public senior unsecured notes for private notes issued by one or more of our taxable REIT subsidiaries . 
As to the assets that EFC would sell in preparation for a conversion , we expect that they will predominantly consist of lower yielding non - core assets we would expect to sell certain . 
So that also was a huge factor we did look at AC Corp because we knew that AC Corp would give us the most flexibility frankly of any structure even more . 
Finally , I will provide some closing remarks , including more detail on our plans which we announced last night on our earnings release to convert to a REIT in the first half of 2019 , then we 'll open the floor to questions . 
We expect to finalize our plans over the remainder of 2018 as always investor feedback on these issues is welcome . 
That the bank was able to design and offer suitable and attractive financial services to MTS current customers . 
It is important to note that quite apart from the number of retail stores in the Russian market , we continue to see improving trends in the overall amount of SIM card sales . 
Today , my mts is not just an instrument for the customers to cover basic operations like checking their balance or topping upmobile accounts ; it is a comprehensive offering . 
And the continued reduction in churn we estimate that in 2000 and 18 the number of gross additions to the market . 
At Argo nearly two decades ago , we identified technology as a transformative and potentially disruptive force . 
In our international segment , the second quarter revenue numbers are somewhat distorted by the decision we made at the end of 2017 to increase the amount of third - party capital participation primarily related to the reinsurance lines of business . 
That probably equates to 5 or 6 points on the combined ratio this year as compared to 8 or 10 a year ago . 
Is the - is you say the legal environment is more challenging today than maybe two three years ago ? 
If the same set of events happened again this year , another way to think about it other than just absolute dollars is loss ratio points for the year and we 're talking about five or six points . 
Were solid performance from our alternatives , the hedge fund investments as well as PE structured funds and our internal special situations portfolio ? 
I do n 't expect it to be linear , I think it 'll be lumpy because three months is too short a period of time , but I think that the trend is directionally correct over the next four or five quarters . 
And this - minute knowing that the vehicles - in that we are currently remarketing that there are also still a large number of Euro - 5 vehicles included . 
Actual results may be different factors that may cause actual results to differ include those identified in our annual report on Form 10 - K and our earnings Press release . 
Credit quality remains solid , with lower nonperformers and very modest losses in the third quarter for the first nine months we were actually in a net recovery position . 
We still expect the full year margin to be in the low threeforties range , which is consistent with our original guidance . 
We brought on a capital planning manager to build out our dfast capabilities . 
Build out the Dfast model without acquiring any sort of expensive softwares or without having significant consulting expense . 
Still full year organic growth is expected to be within the 3 % to 5 % range originally established for the year and most likely at the upper end of that range . 
And we do n 't see us getting real sales from that effort until 2000 and 17 and talking about the specifics of what those products are . 
As noted in the form 10 - K , we have taken a number of steps to alleviate our liquidity situation . 
Which began in the first quarter of 2000 and 15 , but these reductions could not offset the impact of our reduced sales levels . 
When he refers to 17 , he 's referring to the recapture of that lost business in the industry , so that 's what we think do we know we do n 't know , but we think that in '17 we do n 't see it happening in the next 12 months . 
And Im thinking that by 2000 and 17 that will be cleared up and they will be trying to compete with their competitors . 
Because I would hate to - minus personally would n 't do if I was on the board of your company , do a financial transaction knowing that 2017 could be really big . 
Potential contracts and why I think 17 could be a lift and the range and all that stuff because if you guys have internal models showing that which Im sure you do , then you 're transacting on data . 
Our final goal is superior portfolio management , in this context we further strengthened our capital allocation process and we continue to maintain a 15 % hurdle rate for new investments . 
Please review the cautionary statements included in our press release and presentation , as well as the risk factors described in our most recent form , forty - f , and the annual information form I will now turn the call over to Michael . 
Our mining shaft has been designed to go ultimately to a thousand metres in this first stage for our current 10 - year reserve plus . 
Overs and unders 1800 tonnes a day is the design we feel pretty comfortable with that we would have to do some other things to really think about trying to increase that underground . 
A kind of a slow ramp up to that 1500 tonnes a day as we get into those stopes we kind of want to open up . 
Right away in the pulp agglomeration , it has about an eight - hour retention time and we get those kind of extraction rates . 
Is sufficient for us to meet our return hurdles while providing a competitive edge for TCAP from a product mix standpoint . 
The primary variables affecting our Nav this quarter were the positive effects of our March equity offering . 
And indeed , on this point it is important for all you to know that my primary focus as chairman and CEO is for Triangle Capital to continue to grow . 
And I think there was a period of time in the market that if we had to look back to in 2000 and 12 , the end of 12 second half of 12 and . 
Just wondering to what extent this theme will play out in 2017 , and in particular was there any acceleration of . 
Including those disclosed under the sections titled Risk Factors and Forward - Looking Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10 - K . 
All while not losing a single lender and gaining increased commitments from 11 of our 13 lenders . 
As we translate our recent investing experience into a view for the balance of 2017 , we are encouraged by our ability to screen for . 
The investments in capital contractors Garden Fresh and Gerli were already valued at zero as of December 31 of last year , and therefore the realized losses did not affect our net asset value during the quarter . 
And to participate richly as the BDC industry continues to evolve and develop into amajor component of our country 's capital market system . 
John : My personal opinion is , I think we 've seen a little bit of a bottoming out on pricing , I would think going forward , you should see plus or minus 10 % for newly originated transactions for us . 
The great data there of the last trailing 12 months on a quarterly basis I think illustrates that we 're now running at . 
The acceleration of origination can occur versus what would be some directly originated ones that take three to four months so you could see . 
As we move through the balance of 2017 , we are extremely pleased to have such a sound financial foundation . 
And there was no question that as the 4 G technology is maturing and we are getting ready for 5 G , there is a bit of a pause in terms of . 
And then my second question is on the working capital , was there an underlying improvement in each of the divisions , or was the improvement mainly driven by mix , and I wondered if you could give the outlook for working capital for 17 ok . 
Single account they run , but they are also responsible for liaising with their colleagues inside of Intertek to basically make sure they can get the atic solution they need for their customers inside the group portfolio . 
It - looks like you 've just changed the description from robust to good in terms of the outlook ; it feels like global GDP growth is still looking pretty robust , so can you just talk about the change there ? 
As a CEO , what you need to do is be very clear about the directions : We 're going be very clear about how you measure performance and ask the right questions . 
And the good news is that the first promotion that was executed at these lower price points has had a nice positive impact on the business , so as we look at the balance of 2000 and 19 I think we 've got a better . 
We expect strong store additions for the full year , including a total of 27 - 32 newly constructed company stores ; we are raising our franchise store growth expectations based on the strong start to the year . 
The DIY consumer has to visit the store to recycle the oil they have to return the oil back to the store , so there 's already a store . 
A sign of weakness in Q 1 , so I do think that 's partly driven by the slowdown in China , so we 'll be keeping a close eye on that . 
My expectation with some innovation that you have coming online would be that from that kind of 1 % base growth level that we could see that . 
That beyond Q 4 , you should start to see inflation gradually start to moderate the other thing that we 're seeing is - in now that was commodities if you 'll look at freight . 
Retail segment growth can at least pick up from kind of a 1 % run rate improvement level . 
Gross profit for the quarter was also weighed down by increased depreciation expense and two unusual nonrecurring charges . 
Note : The lower tax rate of 27 . 4 in the current year reflects the favorable impact of the recent tax legislation . 
While these items may recur in Q 4 as well due to their nature , it is not possible to estimate their exact impacts . 
You heard in the comments earlier : I think what we described is that our aggregate commodity inflation net of sourcing activities was about 1 % of our consolidated . 
We aggressively marketed to mobile e - mails and social to our engaged digital community of over 7 million customers . 
And two are locations that choose to go with a virtual bookstore instead of a physical store . 
Our two companies will remain intently focused on being a true strategic partner to the colleges and universities we serve . 
Highlighted about 10 digital courses at select universities is there any update on how that 's going what type of traction you 're seeing and kind of what the feedback from some of the universities such as Penn State might be . 
Turning to slide five , let me now take a few minutes to talk a little bit more about mbs as one of the largest used book wholesalers and largest . 
After factoring in the first three weeks of February that contributed to the spring rush . 
We continue to be awarded new contracts , which will result in opening two additional stores expected to open before the end of the fiscal year . 
The transaction was unanimously approved by the full board and closed yesterday on February 27 along with the entire board and management team we are extremely pleased to have MBS and its people . 
Also , this gives us a better - , we now have a better ability to manage our inventories as one virtual - kilometre , eventually one virtual inventory for all of our stores and mbs wholesale . 
I spent the last eight weeks traveling to several of our offices around the globe meeting with employees and learning the details of the business , and Im pleased to work report that Ive discovered a number of very encouraging facts . 
With many installations that we anticipate will continue to benefit us in 2016 , our offshore production fluids business also had a strong year . 
A strong us dollar , particularly against a weakening Chinese yuan and British pound , will continue to impact our reported results for most of the year , but we are hopeful that this devaluation has begun to stabilize . 
This is what we did in the fourth quarter and are continuing to do so in 2000 , and 16 for me back to basics means a focus on our customers and on organic growth establishing our team and core processes . 
And by proactive cost actions taken by MacDermid as we look into 2016 , we expect to see another strong year in industrial and automotive . 
We have been getting a lot of questions from investors on both our capital structure and covenants ; the next two slides address these subjects . 
We believe our acquisitions of Alent and the OM Group businesses create a complementary and diversified solutions provider with a broad reach across the electronics and automotive markets . 
Credit management will remain a key priority in 2016 , especially amidst the weakened economic environment in Latin America . 
Foreign exchange remains front of mind , and on page 13 we pulled together some numbers to help you understand our current pro forma fx exposures . 
On page 5 we have laid out some of my initial observations , priorities and outlook for the . 
The newly acquired Alent and OM Group assets experienced modest headwinds , particularly from the electronics end markets , but performed in line with our expectations . 
We are expecting growth in our Asia business as we annualize the benefit of a number of new installations in 2015 and increase our position in certain mobile phone supply chains . 
As we look to 2016 we are seeing amacro ag environment that feels similar to what we saw in 2015 , FX will continue to be a headwind in the first half of the year . 
Will be the beginning of a positive trend in the back half of 2016 and into 2017 we will provide some more color around what to expect for Q 1 near the end of the call . 
How those exposures impacted our 2015 results and what sort of actions we are taking to helpmitigate these risks today and in the future . 
This was slightly better than we had expected as attrition from the client that we discussed last quarter has not started as expected note : We still expect RCM revenues to slow in the back half of the fiscal year . 
Jocelyn has been a great asset to this organization and a great team member to that end , Jocelyn has decided to move out of the GC role and seek that next chapter . 
One of the things that we said was we 're about six months behind where we wanted to be in launching the programs that we really feel will enable this bookings growth to show up . 
Our company remarks on today 's call include both our earnings results and guidance , which contains certain non - GAAP financial measures . 
Our acquisition of EagleDream is another step in the right direction , and our laser focus on client satisfaction over the last two years has positively impacted our maintenance attrition , which now has come down to just over 6 % on a trailing 12 th month basis . 
What NextGen offers our clients today compared to two years ago is worlds apart . 
With that in mind , we 're about to kick off a twenty - city road show to both existing and potential new clients so that our leadership team can meet with senior executives , including myself . 
My cto will probably reach out to me and give me an even better number after this , but we 're moving very quickly with it and we feel very good about that now as we move forward the question is not . 
But the other is analytics truly informing practice , and I think that 's what you 'll see as we move over the next 6 , 12 , 18 months is the really coming together of use cases that span the entire solution platform . 
It 's about 70 , it 's about 70 , it 's relatively stable at this point in time , but as we 've moved through the past year we have had some turnover that was kind of expected as we really transition from selling products to solutions . 
We also wanted to bring your attention that , as noted in the 10 - Q , we filed today , we have received a civil investigative demand letter from the Department of Justice . 
And that 's really job one , but as we start to bring things like our new acquisition on the analytics space to the table , which enables our clients to not just report . 
Somewhere between - 50 and - 60 as we sit here today , we 're at - 5 and continuing to trend upwards so . 
Really bring those two things together along with Entrada into a really powerful combination that not only identifies problems , but truly allows those problems to be addressed . 
And I think that 's the way you should look at it and it 's going to take some investment actually for 'eighteen , but . 
Hold that as a good proxy for what you could expect for the three divisions as an average organically . 
In '18 , because of that , if you look at new acquisition , where we have also said that we do n 't see that will have any material impact on the Ebit in '18 , so the new acquisition . 
In revenue at the time , and that was basically to take an even stronger position in the floor grinding segment , HTC is the market leader in that segment . 
Is about the margin and I previously talked about the ambition to be reaching the 10 % margin . 
From a revenue point of view it will be noticeable , but it will not turn anything upside down in '18 , but if you give this two three years it will be quite significant , I dare to say . 
Yes , from what we can see now with the limited visibility , we have we have reason to be optimistic about the markets of 2018 what gives me then the confidence to be . 
We anticipate amidyear approval which would enable us to begin our EU rolling launch and our pricing and reimbursement efforts in select countries in the EU during the second half of this year . 
Will be lowered to a range of 17 % to 19 % based on our current business profile . 
What ability par has to launch its own generic starting the end of 2025 and whether they would need to have their own independent REMS program in order to launch that ? 
And since January one how many of them have actually rolled back to being commercial patients . 
Help us understand is that a tool that you can use to help facilitate changes to the DRG payment is that something that 's in your control at all . 
We believe these non - gaap financial measures are helpful in our understanding our past financial performance and potential future results . 
In 2017 , Defitelio became available in Canada and we submitted for marketing approval in Brazil ; our global team continues to identify further geographic regions for expansion . 
And we will be entitled to receive meaningful royalties on that sales by par over the AG sales period . 
On combination with some of the targeted therapies for AML that might lead to some of that use could that potentially come this year will it be next year . 
They are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable reported GAAP measures reconciliations of GAAP to non - GAAP financial measures discussed on this call . 
In 2018 our global sales force will continue to educate health care providers on the importance of recognizing hypersensitivity reactions . 
And the positive trend we observed in new patient enrollments during 2017 give us confidence that we will continue to generate positive volume growth . 
We also granted PAR a nonexclusive patent license to launch its generic sodium oxybate product as of December 31 , 2025 ; these entry dates could be accelerated under certain circumstances . 
In 2018 we plan to invest aggressively in driving strong performance of our key products . 
The need for a separate rems would have been the exact same answers if you had asked about the previous settlements we reached . 
Part of it is how do you explore new indications we talked about three new indications we 're exploring . 
And we think it 's an interesting place to study Solriamfetol given some of the things we know about PD patients and we know about the mechanism of action of this drug . 
And an operational issue with the Central Pharmacy in the second half of 2017 caused by implementation of a new automated phone system that delayed some prescription fulfillment . 
I would say it 's almost certainly true that we will enter a third therapeutic area will that be in 2018 hard to say . 
Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us this morning , we announced strong results for the third quarter of fiscal 2019 , primarily reflecting continued robust aerospace industry demand for our flight deck printers and associated supplies . 
In the quarter we introduced a number of new products and technology enhancements during the major fall trade show season at both the LabelExpo Americas and Pack Expo International Trade Shows , both held in Chicago this year . 
Before concluding , I would like to take this opportunity to publicly welcome Jean Bua , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NASDAQ - listed NetScout Systems . 
The T 2 - C was also a big hit , particularly among large brand owners who recognize the benefits of our compact , efficient professional label press and its high return on investment . 
In addition , this year with the implementation of our renewed ERP system , which we expect . 
At AppliedMaterials dot com and now Id like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson thanks Mike , Im pleased to report that our revenue for the quarter was up 19 % compared to the same period last year and the second highest in the company 's history . 
For example , we recently announced a collaboration with ARM to develop a neuromorphic switch that can enable new approaches to Ai computing . 
I think some of your customers are making some progress on the technology front , I think one of your NAND customers . 
And the other thing I would say relative to patterning , there are really two major areas of focus ; one is shrinking features , but the other one is placing features in the right position . 
Stepping back and looking at the broader context 2000 and 18 shows how the industry has fundamentally changed over the past five years . 
This program is part of DARPAs Electronics Resurgence initiative to develop new computing materials , designs and architectures . 
Using advanced packaging techniques , all five of these approaches will require major advances in materials engineering and create huge opportunities for applied . 
As compared to 2000 and 12 and the best indication of Applied 's resilience is our services business . 
Or flat mostly up in all of the previous six years , so if you take an overall look at the company over the last few years , one of the big things that we 've driven is amuch better balance across all device types . 
I strongly believe that the most exciting days for the industry and applied are ahead of us over the next decade , Ai and Big Data will transform almost every sector of the economy . 
To position the company to play a larger and more valuable role in the Ai Big Data era , now Dan will give his perspective on our performance and outlook . 
So I guess here 's the comments that I would make on the NAND market . 
We talked about EPs in my prepared comments : A single quarter is now larger than what this company used to do in a full year . 
As the industry moves to 96 layers and above , can you give us a little bit of an update ? 
For 3 D - NAND the - , and we have some really tremendously enabling capabilities , the etch business for us is continuing to grow our conductor . 
And Ive really got two choices that we 're thinking about one is we squeeze it in before the end of the year . 
Including those discussed in the Risk Factors section of Dicerna 's most current forms filed with the SEC while . 
The strength in our balance sheet provides sufficient capital to support our clinical goals for our ph . 
We expect to dose the first chronic HBV patients during the second quarter of 2019 , the study is designed to evaluate patients in two different groups . 
We have completed dosing for both healthy volunteers and patients with ph type 1 and . 
Regarding DCR - HBVs , we continue to dose healthy volunteers . 
As with the Alexion collaboration , most of this will be recognized as revenue over the next three years . 
I do n 't think that we can get any direct read of how not targeting the X gene affects what the data would have been like the . 
We start dosing in Q 2 and if you just run the clock and allow us to see some of the . 
And a productive immune response against the virus by the patient or zero conversion and the combination of those two is generally agreed to be a functional cure and is . 
And solidified two new substantial collaborations based on our Galxc platform with Eli Lilly . 
We still anticipate submitting regulatory filings in the second quarter of 2019 , at which point we will be able to fully discuss the program and strategy . 
Id now like to take a few minutes to provide a recap of key 2000 and 18 events and recent notable achievements . 
What I can tell you at this point is that similar to our strategy around ph . 
We 're working with Alexion 's team on the joint discovery and development of Galxc Rnai molecules directed to two complement pathway targets for the treatment of complement mediated diseases . 
The majority of the balance of deferred revenue associated with the Alexion collaboration will be recognized over the anticipated 3 - year term of the initial research programs . 
Thank you Jack , it 's - 1 I think it 's fair to say that 2018 was a true breakout year for Dicerna , and I would like to thank our entire team our partners and our shareholders for contributing to the success we have achieved thus far . 
We expect the most significant drop in volumes to occur in the fourth quarter of our current fiscal year , as Brazil shipped heavily in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2000 and 16 , and we do not expect to attain a similar level of shipments there this fiscal year . 
For next year , in terms of plantings , supply and demand for the industry will be more balanced oversupply : Can you give me any - kind of your thoughts as we think about next year for fiscal - 18 it would be ? 
Given that we installed roughly the same number of devices in Q 4 as we sold . 
These foreign exchange benefits were mostly reflected in our Q 4 results , but they will have a positive impact on our first half comparisons . 
To borrow the analogy from another industry , we are at the Apple II stage of our technology and that there 's a lot more to come in the future . 
With respect to Dermacell , I think with one year under the belt and with some more clinical data . 
Factors that would tend to reduce our gross profit percentage include a shift in mix towards Pinpoint and Dermacell , which are currently toward the lower end of our gross profit range . 
The top half of the sales team that is the top 40 sales professionals generated revenue . 
As we conducted our planning for 2016 in the late summer , broadly speaking our options were to either remain static in terms of the size of the sales team . 
And I think that we 're starting at amuch higher plateau this year because we have about 80 people who have experience . 
And the growth in imaging kit recurring revenue is a little bit less than that 9 % ; it 's - kilometre the recurring revenue is driven a little bit more by Dermacell , and we talked about that a little bit at the investor day . 
The change took place as of January 1 and Im pleased to say that it has gone extremely well . 
So we sold a few more spy systems , but in terms of the level of installations actually pinpoint is running ahead of spy . 
During our first quarter 2015 conference call we outlined some new metrics which we thought would be useful to monitor our progress going forward as a direct sales and marketing company . 
I think that if we can execute , I think certainly Luna will definitely start to produce . 
Spy is actually , we are getting new - 10 , we are doing some placements of spy because some customers still want to do it on that basis , which we 're open to for a limited period of time . 
Probably be the lead in the industry among the top 10 or 15 banks . 
With and without Semm so going forward , you can assume that this trend will continue and . 
And my second question is more general that you mentioned about Semm and Sme , so I was wondering what is the difference between Semm and as of Sme in terms of loan size in terms of customer acquisition . 
And we do n 't expect that all of the patients will have been on treatment sufficiently long yet to have seen for the deepest possible response to have developed by the time at ash so . 
I imagine that the first one would be at ASCO next year , Bs remember is intended to be a pivotal study so that will be blinded and that we 're in a safety runs in at the moment I think the next . 
We continue to expect a net loss in fiscal '18 , however we anticipate our second half results to show improvement over the first half as new customer orders have strengthened as anticipated . 
Our teams have begun to renew our existing us and International Service Center capabilities . 
Or there will be a telephonic replay - will be available until May 16 , and the information on how to access these replay features is provided in yesterday 's earnings release . 
Moving on to our end - markets update on slide 7 , we have a diversified mix of revenues that are focused on some of the most active segments of the overall market . 
Well , I mean generally speaking rates remain under pressure , and they certainly remain a challenge for us : Q 1 is probably the toughest quarter for us , but like I said we 're focused on it and we 've already made some progress . 
On behalf of the entire five below team , I would like to express our deep gratitude to David for his invaluable contributions since cofounding the company with Tom 13 years ago . 
Including the greater Philadelphiamarket which we have operated in since our inception in 2000 and two , we believe the runway for store growth is long and the associated earnings potential is large . 
And we enjoy payback periods on our new store investment of under one year . 
Assuming a 2 % to 3 % comparable store sales increase and the opening of approximately two net new stores . 
First question was : Im wondering if your Q 3 products successes give us a read on the fourth quarter , did you see better growth ? 
That strategy is working and you 'll see us continue to do that as we go into 'sixteen and 'seventeen and . 
Even in some of your existing regions , but maybe can you talk about how you 're prioritizing some of the major new market opportunities over the next 12 to 24 months . 
These statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could adversely affects Five Nine 's future results . 
The next key integration is with Microsoft Skype for Business UC ; our latest integration with Skype allows agents to seamlessly connect to knowledge workers . 
Im extremely proud of the entire Five Nine team and our strategic partners for bringing it all together with one goal in mind . 
We will be presenting at the Keybanc Global Technology Leadership Forum in Vail on August 8 , the 20 th annual Oppenheimer Technology Internet . 
Our channel program continues to grow nicely and is yielding results beyond our expectations ; for example , bookings for master agents and resellers represented more than 25 % of our enterprise bookings in the second quarter . 
In the long run , so that 43 % was a bit of an aberration to some extent because we 've been investing in 30 % to 40 % growth in sales capacity , we just turned up a few very large enterprises all at the same time . 
The improvements to adjusted Ebitda continue to be driven by our enterprise business , which enjoys excellent unit economics and is consistently increasing as a proportion of total revenue . 
This ongoing success in our enterprise business continues to be driven by six key factors . 
After a competitive process involving other cloud vendors , 5 9 was selected for multiple reasons . 
Im also extremely pleased to report that we had our best quarter ever for enterprise bookings in Q 2 , our pipeline reached another all - time high as well . 
As a fully integrated solution , Salesforce Lightning opens up a whole new set of integration possibilities and 5 , 9 is at the forefront of innovation on this new platform . 
This customer is using 5 , 9 for its e - commerce customer service organization ; they were using a premise system that was expensive and required too many technical resources to maintain . 
This provides the agent with valuable insight to where the customer has been whether on their website or in the IVR and gives the agent insights into customer intentions prior to them , even speaking to the customer . 
Adjusting for this unfavorable impact , our Rasm performance looks to be at least on par with the industry . 
From the artificially depressed growth this year and that you 'd get back to like a GDP - ish - like number in 2019 on capacity . 
I was also pleased to see growth in average fares for the first time in about two years and despite some drag from our reservation system conversion . 
The Fourth of July holiday timing softens the third quarter performance , and the sequential comp to second quarter is harder , with the full Easter benefit showing up in the second quarter . 
Our third quarter revenue trends were also impacted by the timing of the July 4 holiday , as well as last year 's outage , which roughly offset each other on a unit basis . 
That we 're only published through April and we are still working on what we want to do for the balance of 2018 , but I think conceptually all we 're doing with the . 
We 're not intending to grow aggressively at all next year , although the percentage increase will be higher than 2017 , but we want to manage it in such a way that we drive . 
As noted in our earnings release , the RASM pressure from the transition to our new reservation system is temporary and these items are relatively minor considering the significance of the technology efforts . 
And the new system for these three items does not work like the old system . 
And then we 'll end the year with 14 Mike , do you want to talk about the airplane and what you 've heard from Boeing and other operators around the world ? 
Mike : I just want to ask real quick you talked about the max being more efficient now than when you ordered it is that just on fuel burn and can you talk about how that may have changed if that 's what you were referring to . 
The decrease from our previous guidance reflects the timing of sales as well as the impacts of the special charges discussed earlier , lastly turning to our fiscal 2000 and 18 outlook . 
More appropriately reflect the ongoing operations of the business , a reconciliation of these amounts is provided in the press release Our Accompanying Slide Deck and Our Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q . 
In fiscal 2017 this expense was recorded in the second quarter , whereas this year it was recorded in the first quarter . 
We now believe aerospace sales will be up approximately 12 % and industrial sales will be down approximately 7 % both as compared to the prior year . 
Low double digits really is quite good , it 's excellent , but I do n 't hear anything from you now that suggests it goes to zero at the back end of the year , which is what it needs to do to average of what you 're talking about . 
Fly leasing , which we will refer to as Fly or the company , issued its second quarter earnings results press release , which is posted on the company 's website at Flyleasingcom . 
Statements regarding the outlook for the company 's future business and financial performance forward - looking statements are based on current expectation and assumption of Fly 's management . 
Okay , that 's awesome and then my other question is kind of more of a housekeeping question : Can you just explain the tax rate to me , I kind of thought it would be lower than the 24 % that you booked in the quarter ? 
Actual outcomes and results may differ materially due to factors that are summarized in the earnings press release and described more fully in the company 's filings with the SEC . 
Unfortunately , for financial reporting purposes , we must translate the total principal amount of the debt outstanding , whereas on the other side only one quarter 's rent is translated at the current exchange rates . 
As well as two substudies to test pamrevlumab in combination with either pirfenidone or nintedanib , our principal focus in the substudies is on safety assessments of combination treatment . 
And in dialysis have EPO therapy , some of whom have iron support , most of whom do not . 
Were less responsive to EPO in the comparator arm consistent with the published historical ESA studies . 
Based on our data , we believe that the blockade of CTGF will be amore effective approach to fibrotic disease and multiple cancers . 
Yielded threefold improvement in one year and doubling of median survival compared to outcomes with lower levels of circulating antibody . 
And so we 're trying to focus on places where there are such compelling unmet medical needs as we expand beyond CKD dialysis . 
Said at the beginning of the meeting that all that they talked about that day would apply to everything except for MDS therapy , and so everybody has recognized it 's a very difficult situation that exists . 
Without the type of dose increases observed in ESAs and without any IV iron . 
By way of HRCT and - INCTE , so we are very excited to see what that looks like compared to placebo that 's . 
And our progress in our China and us programs during the coming quarters and the opportunity to build momentum in our product development programs . 
The increase was due to higher volumes on our Texas NGL pipelines and our Mariner East system and higher throughput at the Lone Star fractionators , partially offset by a decrease in our optimization and marketing group . 
While we continue to expect that we will not need to issue equity at least through the middle of this year , we are targeting , not having any equity needs in 2018 and . 
Now moving on to Ete , Ill begin with Ete 's fourth quarter results , followed by a liquidity and financing update . 
Refined Product and NGL Inventories Associated with the Legacy SXL Business . 
Due primarily to the timing of recognition of inventory gains and lower spreads in the butane lending business , NGL transportation volumes on our wholly - owned and joint venture pipelines . 
Partially offset by higher Ebitda from the unconsolidated affiliates due to placing Transpecos and Comanche Trail into service and higher natural gas sales from pipeline optimization activities . 
Our construction and engineering groups remain committed to working closely with FERC , Pa Dep and other regulatory agencies . 
We are nearing capacity in the Midland Basin and we 'll need Rebel 2 as soon as possible to meet growing producer demand in the region . 
From the LIFO method to the weighted average cost method in order to be consistent with legacy ETPs treatment of inventories , these changes have been retrospectively applied to all periods presented . 
Im also pleased to say that we have recently received authorization from FERC to resume HDD operations at the Tuscarawas River for Rover . 
And the contribution from major projects coming online we felt with ETPs current cost of equity it was prudent to temporarily suspend the distribution growth . 
Actually put that into refined product service when we bring 2 and 2 x on so as time goes on and when we finally openly bring 2 x on we have amultitude of options , but what we 've built is an incredible enterprise . 
This performance was driven by our generics business , which benefited from important product launches as well as the continued growth of our Xiaflex franchise . 
In 2017 , the underlying rate of base business price erosion is likely to be high single digit . 
We are very excited about the prospects for Xiaflex and recognize it to be a very valuable asset . 
In the first quarter of 2016 , Somar revenues were impacted by lower demand for certain products in Mexico and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange . 
Up to this point , when we look at - maybe Ill put a little color on the value , I think that 's probably important when we look at these 20 new products . 
From pure generic play and obviously we 're preparing for success in Xiaflex , but we also have to keep our optionality open if we can place endo in a better position . 
In terms of the intellectual property surrounding Xiaflex , there are a number of - 10 there 's a number of patents that are - to have been granted . 
And are subject to the changes , risks and uncertainties described in today 's press release and in our us and Canadian securities filings in addition . 
In today 's earnings announcement , the reconciliation of non - GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures . 
We 'll focus our efforts and resources behind Xiaflex and its approved indications and in pursuing an indication . 
The fourth quarter base business revenue increased sequentially from the third quarter of 2016 ; the increase was due to the expected restocking in the quarter . 
And the impact of expected new competitive events in 2017 with that said , We expect our total generic segment to decline in the high single . 
So it 's a little bit difficult for us to opine in terms of what the endgame is with the FDA , I think at this point in time we can say that our studies to date support the safety and efficacy . 
Included in that as well , just trying to get a sense of what the actual price erosion on the portfolio may be and then secondly with respect to new product launch expectations , I think you talked about approximately 20 launches . 
When we look at new product launches for 2017 , we say we have about 20 products I would tell you that we have a . 
From a revenue standpoint , so we want to get that out there , but I think it 's also important to talk , maybe just a little bit of the carryover for Zetia and Quetiapine because they 're so big contributors to what we 're doing so when you look at those two products . 
That Paul talked about as well as the cost savings initiatives that we have been driving and then in terms of the Claris one impact . 
And that may be different from non - gaap financial measures used by other companies . 
In addition , we continue to have a hundred percent share of the potassium chloride liquid market and have been growing our potassium powder market share nicely . 
Driven primarily by expected high single to low double - digit growth for Xiaflex , only a small portion of the diagnosed patient population for each of the Xiaflex indications have actually been treated . 
How many of those do you actually have a relatively high degree of visibility on in terms of either specific date certain packet expiration or a settlement , obviously the FDA has n 't been doing ? 
What are your assumptions around competition in guidance for 17 on both the liquid and powder and then I have a quick follow - up ? 
To the best of our knowledge we believe at this point in time that we have not been noticed from any paragraph iv filers , so it think it 's probably maybe the best way to . 
And the incremental investments in product and sales capacity all generally in line with the Q 1 expectations we set for you last quarter . 
Shipments to the aftermarket channel declined 2 % on a tough prior year compare the warmer weather we experienced during the quarter and a bit of pull forward of demand that we saw in the fourth quarter of last year . 
In addition , we will use certain non - gaapmeasures in our discussion and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items . 
Additionally , we announced the retirement of two longstanding board members effective as of the upcoming annual shareholders meeting in early March . 
So let 's move to slide 11 and get into the details with the look at the performance of buildings on a consolidated basis . 
We do expect continued pricing pressure in our China field businesses as we look into Q 2 , but we 're going to work to offset that headwind with cost actions . 
Given the significance and complexity of us tax reform , we continue to analyze all aspects of the new legislation and may adjust this onetime charge as necessary over the course of the year . 
And so you can imagine we booked margin much better than that in the quarter that brought the average up about 30 basis points . 
In discussing our results during the call , references to adjusted Ebita and adjusted Ebit margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items . 
Turning to slide 5 , I do want to spend aminute highlighting our New York Yz centrifugal chiller , which was launched in early January . 
Asia Pacific orders increased 9 % driven by strong growth in China . 
With an effective interest rate of essentially 0 % for a term of 3 years . 
Which reflects our initial estimate of the impact of tax reform in fiscal '18 , this includes a onetime noncash tax benefit . 
I think Id focus on a couple things first of all as it relates to the fourth quarter , there is a huge push in Q 4 and that tends to be . 
The YZ represents a significant milestone in our product development journey and will become the new flagship in our Chiller portfolio . 
Particularly in HVAC , we remain focused on developing innovative new products and expanding our channel presence , and we are gaining share as a result . 
You can see in the margin waterfall that the combined benefit of a hundred and thirty basis points from cost synergy and productivity save . 
We do anticipate our fiscal '19 tax rate to increase to a range of 16 % to 18 % based upon the effective dates of certain provisions of the new legislation . 
So I think when you look at the power margins as George said , It 's a hundred basis points in the first quarter that transportation and logistics will probably continue . 
Throughout 2017 , as a reminder , we are also in the process to developing our patent pending molded structural composite technology that we believe will have broad applications in the dry and refrigerated truck body and refrigerated space . 
At the macro level , in terms of total equipment purchases for 2016 , we 've seen overall industry projections revised downward in recent updates . 
Which took effect on October , one with this appointment we 've established an enhanced leadership structure to provide more effective and coordinated oversight . 
Our work is far from over to bring this business to desirable levels of performance , but Avte Backlog is now at its highest level of the year and we are well positioned to finish 2016 on a positive note . 
To summarize , we remain pleased by the overall margin performance of the businesses during the past two years , as key markets had continued to contract along with strong potential presented by new product offerings already developed or in development within the group . 
So in terms of earnings for full year 2016 recognizing the productivity and cost optimization momentum that was displayed in the first three quarters . 
And the outlook for 17 has been cut as well : Are you trying to make a distinction between what 's expected on the tractor side versus the trailer side ? 
As we look at the next several kind of quarters matched up with the order season , which we said has kind of pushed out into the Q 4 - Q 1 time frame - we 're not looking at material costs that are terribly dissimilar to where we were at this time last year . 
With that it 's my pleasure to turn the call over to Dick Giromini , OO thanks Mike III quarter marked another excellent quarter for the company and delivered bottom line results that were among the best in the company 's history . 
Which runs through the end of 2000 and 17 , Let Me Now touch on a few specific financial highlights from the third quarter . 
The CTP team remains very excited about the entry into the truck body market in order to take advantage of future growth in the final mile and home delivery space truck body . 
First announced to the market in October of 2015 , we have successfully commercialized the molded structural composite refrigerated truck body and have been successful meeting early stage growth targets . 
While it is still too early to put any firm numbers , around 2017 trailer projections . 
From DPG however , not wanting to rest on any of these accomplishments , we will continue our focused efforts to drive ongoing improvements throughout the business . 
It 's exactly the reason why we did the diversification and the acquisition we did in 2000 and 12 and potentially setting up very nicely to see those benefits over the next couple of years so . 
There are four unique features to remodulin as it is today . 
Today 's remarks may also include financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with us generally accepted accounting principles ; reconciliations of non - GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release . 
This decrease in the seasonal loss was largely due to colder weather across our service territory , which resulted in 19 % higher natural gas retail volumes across all service territories . 
At the end of the second quarter , MDU filed with the North Dakota Public Service Commission an advance determination of Prudence to purchase the expansion . 
We continue to be optimistic about the opportunities in front of us and believe that our 1 billion tons of aggregate reserves located in strong markets across the company . 
At MDU Resources we are committed to operating with integrity and a continue to focus on safely and creating superior shareholder value while building a strong America . 
Influences on the pipeline between the two : I think your initial question Vikram was about . 
I certainly appreciate all of your interest and commitment to MDU resources , I now ask that we open the lines to questions that you may have . 
For a discussion of factors that may cause actual results to differ , refer to item 1 a risk factors in our most recent form , ten - k . 
Our second quarter results show the strength of our two - platform business model as higher earnings at the utility and construction services businesses . 
We 're also pleased about the continued returns to our shareholders through dividend payments as we have paid a dividend now for 79 straight years and increased it for the last 26 consecutive years . 
Thank you for your interest in MDU resources and for taking the time to join us today to discuss our second quarter results . 
We remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet currently with equity at 57 % of total capital , which is stronger than the 53 % level we 're at the same time last year . 
Regardless , the provisions above 90 days as a percentage of revenues and . 
Between renewable and conventional generation and 4 % from other businesses such as commercialization services and other businesses that are growing in the company . 
We had an increase in our Ebitda in this first quarter of 17 , and in the bottom left chart we also have a significant increase . 
We went back and looked at the last eight years just to give you context for this first year 's half redemptions ; this year 's first half would be sixth . 
Air products contributed total return of - 80 basis points for the quarter represents - 10 , again the numbers Im giving as a percentage of capital are consolidated for the whole firm ; the actual numbers for the private funds are lower . 
In January of 2000 and 13 , a few weeks after our presentation look at what they 've said to their investors look at the impact that it 's had on the stock price . 
In the compensation , the company is permitted to pay , so present comp levels remain only if they hit an 80 % figure , which is very significant . 
What they chose to do was negotiate a settlement with the harshest findings that the FTC has ever had against a pyramid scheme . 
So there are four categories of transactions now that distributors can be compensated for by the company that they can get multilevel marketing compensation on they 're sales to people in the preferred customer category . 
And then this analysis does n 't assume kind of further regulatory action by other us ags by international regulators and does n 't assume there 's any knock - on effect on the international distributor network . 
In the first and second quarter eased a little and Mro strengthened of it . 
We believe end markets bottomed in 2000 and 16 , and we saw solid sequential improvement through the first quarter , which we attributed half to market and half to share gains . 
And in commercial markets we saw modest improvement in our Uk markets with an extremely strong quarter in Canada , Us Municipal Markets also continued to perform as expected . 
Just given the mix - in some of the mix elements that we see and we 'll likely finish on the full year about 50 basis points better than our guidance , so we 're going to beat our guidance overall and . 
Thinking back to your - kilometre through the cycle target of 3 % - 5 % plus maybe a couple of points , I think you got the microwave award in 1 Q is that kind of what the base case should be at this point . 
And then at our annual Investor Day event scheduled for March , one in New York City thank you for your interest in Crane and have a fantastic day . 
Overall volume decreased 15 % due to lower yields from our sourcing areas in Costa Rica . 
And the Philippines and we reduced expenses in tomato production by replacing our own us - based production with new grower relationships in Mexico . 
With bananas reaching their lowest selling price in 10 years in Europe during the second quarter . 
Your business did so well in 'sixteen ; it provides a tough comp : Can you give us just kind of like the building blocks like bigger building blocks of puts and takes ? 
Can you talk about in the next two to three years how much do you think that - minus it seems like now you 're really kind of getting to the point of critical mass in this specialty business ? 
These declines were partially offset by stronger volumes in APAC and EMEA like last quarter . 
We continue to right size the business and accelerated our planned closures of two facilities in Brazil this year . 
As we have explained in our business model , these pricing actions typically require three to six months to take full effect . 
We expect our EMEA region to have higher net sales compared to the prior year . 
So if we had to look sequentially December to September should we think of it up down kind of help on the Ebit line for South America would be appreciated . 
In addition , group contribution increased over 8 % during the quarter , which provides evidence that meeting planners are continuing to spend at their events . 
They may not be updated in the future ; these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the company 's SEC filings . 
Is important to note that room revenues only declined oh . 7 % as a result of the additional day in February and the addition of the new rooms at the Boston Hilton . 
Utility expenses were down 8 % , partially due to the more moderate winter , and group commissions were lower as a result of less group business . 
Second , we expect the challenges in New York City to continue and the results for the 2016 market revpar in New York City . 
Pretty substantially in the last three years at this hotel , so we 've been waiting a little bit to get that Ebitda back up to where we think it should be . 
Rather , early on and so , for the time being for the next one year or two , we expect the profit level to remain low now as for the profit improvement businesses . 
Given the significant unused capacity under our revolving credit facilities after having issued a significant amount of term debt over the past nine months . 
Continued to generate solid growth in their aggregate earnings as the weighted average Ebitda growth over the past 12 months . 
Approximately 60 % of these new investments were to incumbent borrowers , and more than half of these investments were in first lien secured positions . 
From the ACAS acquisition is providing a nice tailwind : We continue to manage the company in what we believe to be a prudent fashion and in the same manner that we 've operated over the last 14 years and we believe that should serve us well even if the environment becomes more difficult . 
Section of the website Ares Capital Corporation 's earnings release and 10 - Q are also available on the company 's website . 
We also saw a reduction in the number of companies on nonaccrual during the first quarter ; we had three companies come off of nonaccrual compared to one new nonaccrual investment . 
And when you buy a very large portfolio at a discount to Nav and you hold it through a rising multiple environment , you find yourself in a good position to exit and generate gains which is what we 've done but . 
The company believes that Core EPS provides useful information to investors regarding financial performance because it is one method the company uses to measure its financial condition and results of operations . 
Which is our fourth consecutive quarter of sequential core earnings improvement since the first quarter of 2000 and 17 when we closed the American capital acquisition . 
We currently are only closing on about 3 % to 4 % of the transactions we review for new companies . 
Very simply , if no other action is taken by a BDC other than adopting the change in the asset coverage ratio , the probability of default for all of our lenders decreases . 
At 4 % you can do the math as to even if you max the leverage ratio out to some number that I do n 't think we 're remotely close to talking about here . 
To deliver on these commitments we continue to focus our energy capital and resources on executing against our three strategic priorities . 
While acknowledging a disappointing Q 3 , I want to be clear that we have 100 % confidence in our growth strategy and the sustainability of the leadership position we have built in the market . 
Our us real estate strategy will be driven by placing the majority of our new stores throughout Middle America and the South with careful consideration of the format type . 
Having been in China since 1999 the strength of our brand , the trust we have built with our customers and partners , and our working knowledge of the many nuances of the Chinamarket uniquely positions us for continued Long 's term success . 
Over the next three years is critical and the reason we grew transactions in the mid - teens in China is because of new - store growth and it is where . 
And reinforce our strategic priorities going forward , then Ill turn the call over to Roz and Belinda to report on our Q 3 operating performance in each of our two key markets . 
And the addition of 6 million digitally registered customers who are not yet rewards members , but who have established a digital connection with Starbucks . 
The impact of frappuccino decline and the store closures to support the anti - bias training is estimated to be three points of comp in the quarter . 
As we close out fiscal 2018 , most of our targets remain consistent with previous guidance , but Id like to highlight a few specifics . 
Within the CAP segment , we continue to expect operating margin to be down moderately in fiscal 2018 relative to last year due to the consolidation of East China . 
I would just broaden the Middle America part to definitely talk about the broad swath of the Southern us . 
Sustainability is one of three of our social impact priorities : Our aspiration to make coffee ; the first sustainable agricultural product is in direct support of coffee farmers around the world . 
Finally , in Q 3 we did experience Higher - than - expected levels of sales transfer from existing stores to new stores due primarily to the acceleration of new store openings in the first half of the year . 
2 We have learned from our 19 - year experience and developed a very strong brand . 
CAP reported 11 % revenue growth after adjusting for 35 points of streamline activities and fx with China revenue growth once again in the high teens on the same basis . 
We continue to expect consolidated revenue growth in the high single digits excluding approximately two points of favorability from the East China acquisition and other streamine - driven activities . 
Excluding this impact , we continue to expect CAP operating margin to be moderately higher year - over - year . 
First of all , what we 've talked about is one point of system sales and just to roll forward system sales , the last time we talked about it was in our . 
Additionally , we divested two nonstrategic product lines in the quarter and we did a third here in the first part of October . 
But also remember we do n 't have a single customer within IDEX that represents more than 2 % of our sales , and so there has been some - 12 we 've seen some commentary lately suggesting that it 's substantially higher than that . 
As we begin a brief reminder , this call may contain certain forward - looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in today 's press release and in Idex 's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Before I do that , however , let me talk a little bit about what we 're seeing in our core markets and geographies really the trends remain the same from what we 've been talking about for the last three quarters or so . 
We 've got a great balance sheet , strong free cash flows and a good acquisition pipeline as we think about the balance of 2016 and certainly into the future . 
And so , with the things that we have sold , we have sold them principally to people who have one of two things , either a different expectation of Long 's term performance than we have . 
But if I think five years from now or ten years from now compared to where we are today and the unit volume that you would expect , it 's going to be much much , much higher , and that 's the bet we 're making . 
If you 're expecting organic up about one in the fourth quarter and we were kind of down two this quarter , could you maybe tell us the segments where you see that delta coming from ? 
And we 've had great results from that and a bunch of those businesses sit in the FMT portfolio , and I really should say I should add price right , we continue to get positive price . 
But the story is a good new story we 've seen strength in those markets we expect to see strength in those markets going forward and for those to be above the IDEX average in terms of growth . 
I think provides a huge opportunity for us , Ott is clearly . 
But I do have a significant level of confidence that as we move into 2018 given our pipeline and given where I know , those deals are in the pipeline and the magnitude of them . 
And slightly higher than the first quarter of 2016 we believe this metric reflects the strength of our portfolio of events and the important role they play in the exhibitors businesses . 
We also launched two new shows in the period , an East Coast active collective event . 
Our ASD Winter Show , which is included in our Q 1 financials , was flat in revenues . 
Over the last month we 've seen some further deterioration in the outlooks for both of these shows , as their pace of sales did not keep up with our expectations as well as reductions in our forecast for the New York Now and ASD summer shows for the aforementioned reasons . 
Our estimated range for full year organic revenue growth of 0 % to 2 % reflects good growth in many of our brands . 
Following the IPO and the resulting reduction in our leverage , we took the opportunity to refinance our credit facility to reduce the interest rate payable . 
I am particularly excited to have announced the acquisition yesterday of the Sia Snow Show , the leading national ski and snowboard B 2 B trade show expanding and strengthening our position within the outdoor sports and recreation sector . 
So it was more introduced as a pop - up show post holiday that we thought might have some legs and it just did n 't , and as we 've noted in the past we do n 't expect a a hundred percent hit rate on all new launches of shows we 'll have a fairly good hit rate . 
All three transactions were structured as asset - purchase deals , and two of the three shows were acquired from trade associations , and in all three cases were private sales and not public auctions . 
Despite efforts made by our outdoor retailer team to mitigate the effect of the political situation over recent weeks , it has become clear that the adverse impact on the revenues of the summer 2017 show will likely be more . 
Versus 2016 we plan to reallocate and shift some of the internal resources towards faster new exhibitor acquisition and new category expansion . 
The guidance going out do you have two or three additional shows already factored into that in addition to the two that you already opened this year or that be on the come based on when they open . 
We are starting to observe the use of micro proppants in complex completions , with some 200 mesh sand being incorporated into some stimulation program core continues to test . 
On June 19 we amended and extended our revolving credit facility for an additional five years under substantially the same terms as our previous agreement . 
The breakthrough EDS technology enables a diagnostic tracer element to be absorbed and chemically bonded to the durable proppant - sized particles that accompany the FRAC sand EDS has rapidly become the preferred method for monitoring completion success . 
Into reservoir description just has n 't happened , yet we thought we would see some of that in Q 3 now we expect some of that in Q 4 , but . 
If indeed the international spend next year is up 10 % , we would still guide our revenue . 
Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release announcing our second quarter results those non - GAAP financial measures . 
And then Larry will go over Core 's two operating segments detailing our progress . 
Which continues to improve and is significantly improved from the 81 % for the same quarter last year , we continue to see improvements in our operating leverage and the absorption of our fixed costs on higher levels of product sales . 
With some recovery factors increasing from an average of about 9 % into the low and mid - teens . 
Inventory turns have remained consistent in the first half of 2018 , and we expect our inventory turns to show improvement throughout the remainder of the year . 
Core is helping the client understand how the Co 2 injection will affect the chemical and physical properties of the reservoir fluid . 
In the third quarter of 2000 and 18 , and we know significant challenges await , however , we have never been better operationally or technology positioned to help our clients to maintain and expand their existing production base . 
From a change in tax accounting rules for stock - based compensation as well as the continued growth of Tllp 's income in proportion to Tesoro 's income . 
We closed the acquisition of Great Northern Midstream in January and expect to offer it to Tllp for acquisition in the second half of this year . 
Along the way we 're required to do some additional work on permitting that was unexpected last summer when we developed our plans and that 's moved that project out , so all three projects the delays are attributable to . 
Taking our plans and putting them into implementation , so we have a new leader that has taken over responsibility for our marketing business that joined just two weeks ago . 
How we allocate capital to the growth of TLLP that creates the most value whether it be through . 
About how we see the retail sales , but the demand continues to improve , so not only did we get the growth in demand in 14 , we have growth in demand in 15 , we 're seeing growth in demand in 16 and so the . 
Well , first Paul , let me state we will receive the permit in La , there 's nothing out there that tells us - Mind , I mean it provides tremendous benefits . 
In the last six years and they 're pricing very attractively into the West Coast , so it is the . 
The full physical integration of the Carson and Wilmington operations yield flexibility of between 30000 to 40000 barrels a day of gasoline and distillates and . 
We will invest in Salt Lake City to be able to get to Tier III gasoline and then we 'll balance out the rest of our system to be able to be in compliance with it . 
As I stated , we feel comfortable in every area except for crude differentials and I guess a way to look at your own sensitivity on that is , we run about 300 million barrels of crude a year and if our index is . 
At the beginning of this year we expect to drop that down in the second part of 2016 and an acquisition that we 'll be making in Alaska with some additional . 
Being low , especially in the first two months of the year , our results were driven by strong performance in our marketing and logistics businesses and demonstrate our ability to leverage our highly integrated business model . 
That project you can now see more of the light at the end of the tunnel than we have for some time the hearings are formally set for the end of June through about 30 days , so the latter part of July . 
Are all in line with our expectations for 2000 and 16 margins in marketing are at the high end as fuel volumes continue to grow , however ? 
Looking ahead , we remain well positioned to drive improvements in the business and deliver on the plan we presented in December of 2000 and 15 We look forward to updating you as we progress . 
And the public comment if they stick to the schedule will conclude actually shortly here within the next two or three weeks , and then they 'll go into the final phase before they issue the permit . 
As you know , we have entered into an acquisition agreement with an affiliate of Centre Lane Partners LLC to divest our vitamin world business and certain other assets . 
However , as we signaled last quarter , Q 1 performance was broadly in line with our strategy . 
Business growth was led by Solgar # 7 joint comfort product as well as new innovation . 
The optics of the quarter were affected by the impact of last year 's hurricanes , also some shipment slid from late Q 2 into early Q 3 , which is not unusual around the holidays . 
Our second quarter includes 31 days of Pinnacle 's results : We remain excited about the opportunities presented by the combined portfolio . 
So to sum up pinnacle for now the deterioration in the legacy pinnacle business over the course of calendar year 2018 means we have some hard work to do . 
We prepared the bridge to first show Legacy ConAgra EPS drivers , followed by the Pinnacle adjusted operating profit and net incremental capital costs associated with the acquisition . 
And our synergy commitments and now we are glad we did because while we are starting from a lower base we anticipate delivering strong EPs growth off of that new base . 
As you can see on slide 8 , we continued to drive growth based on strong fundamentals tied to the strength of our brands . 
Our results here tell a tale of two cities based on where we have applied our playbook , and where we have not , the segment overall is up 50 basis points with frozen driving all of the growth . 
The addition of Pinnacle expands our presence in our most strategic categories , including frozen foods and snacks , and brings together two complementary portfolios of iconic brands . 
Slide 14 emphasizes once again how the strength of our brands is allowing us to capture growth the right way . 
Slide 19 shows some of the innovation we introduced , which includes new varieties and on - trend flavors , and reflects our focus on optimizing price pack architecture with multiple product configurations . 
And then to try to jump - start volume low ROI trade was infused behind price promotion . 
Obviously , that accretion translated to an absolute EPS number in our models . 
And accordingly , last year 's innovation was named after a portion size ; it was called perfect size for one , and that cake frame of reference was highly limited . 
I want you to just be very clear where we stand on this overall , we are very pleased with our top line strength , I think you could see from our presentation and Im talking legacy cag here . 
On the three businesses I talked about as you can imagine once you 're cut , you 've got a pathway to get back in , but it 's not going to be with the exact same items that have just been discontinued , you 've basically got to rebuild . 
Is that we have made some decisions to pull low ROI programs which ? 
In the data and do you see the resultant impact - in or the reversal in your velocities such that this is going to prove to be a one - year divot because your velocities are so strong there is almost . 
Can innovate them in ways that drive good profitability and do a fantastic job delighting the consumer when you look at what we 've done with our ConAgra brands over the last four years . 
And that is what we 've got to correct with exactly the things you 're talking about , which is a return to superior execution on the three key leadership brands that we talked about today , it means not . 
As one of the final pieces of the Legacy ConAgra portfolio to receive attention , our refrigerated products still appear on the shelf today largely the same way they did in the 90 s and it shows in the results . 
Our products were well received and we expect to continue to build on the strong momentum we delivered in the quarter as these new innovations hit the market in 2019 , so we feel good about our momentum in the legacy ConAgra business . 
While there was plenty of innovation activity over the past two years , the results clearly show the innovation was insufficient to sustain growth primarily because it was subpar in its execution . 
As I mentioned , we are absolutely stopping the initiatives that we can responsibly stop , but most of our new work wo n 't be ready to show customers until well into Calendar 2019 as a result . 
Okay so a very good morning to everybody and welcome to IPCs second quarter . 
That we have in France 7 million of those sit within those Triassic reservoirs so that can help to unlock the value of some of those resources , so we expect by the end of the year to get to . 
Is being sold at prices with a slight premium to Brent , the balance comes from Canada just under 40 % and we did see improvement in our oil prices in absolute terms . 
Strong cash flow : We 've been able to significantly reduce the acquisition financing that we took on back on the 5 th of January to conclude . 
In terms of the Canadian question and the Q 4 drilling , we actually do n 't expect there to be really any material production impact in the fourth quarter on those wells by the time that they 're tied in . 
That should be finished in 2019 , we are strengthening our competitive position through the technology pilot , but also that we are utilizing the technological capability and confidence in the company . 
Towards our first year goal of securing 100 million covered lives by the end of this year . 
For the full procedure so all - in , it 's going to take at least 90 days to get them certified just because of the duration of the sensor . 
And we even see that to gradually increase over the next five years . 
Looking into 2018 , we see that the contract that we talked about earlier in China related to some market share gains will not have any material impact going forward . 
If we look on our own business , we see increasing traction on our 4 G portfolio as well as 5 G portfolio and we have announced a number of wins during the fourth quarter . 
All of this , of course , based on the current visibility and the FX rates that we have at the moment . 
The second major OEM deal that Im very happy to announce on this call is with Samsung , one of the largest manufacturers of smart TVs globally . 
Available to the company 's 24 million user base has an expansion into live sports programming . 
As illustrated by this wave of deals , I just outlined , we are aggressively taking advantage of the rapidly growing and high potential Avod Ott market segment . 
But also from a business model perspective , the financial profile of Avod revenues is extremely appealing because it is less capital intensive . 
Which standardizes contracted revenue recognition across companies worldwide , we now provide revenue breakdowns of our OTT streaming and related digital revenues . 
This new system will allow for better controlled data basing of our content rights as well as enabling us to speed up the delivery of massive volumes of content to digital and OTT platforms worldwide . 
We are also aggressively building our presence in the high - growth high - margin avod market through new channels , platform partnerships and licensing deals . 
In the earnings release , I know there 's some disclosure in the Ebitda table : What additional color can you give on that or do we have to wait for the Q ? 
That means there is a big and growing opportunity to provide robust free Avod offerings for viewers who want much more content . 
Requires less upfront and ongoing investment in content than the subscription vod business and continues to utilize our existing library of content . 
In making these changes we believe investors will have a clearer view of the primary focus of our strategy which is to build our streaming OTT network business . 
This is required for us to continue to be a leader in the OTT space , particularly in the rapidly growing Avod segment that Chris described . 
As evidenced by the Tubi , Roku and Xumo agreements , I also discussed . 
Period : So this is really Q 2 , so we 're trying to get our legs around the types of metrics that we can start to be consistent with . 
That model has generated engagement eight times higher than average depending on the specific device used . 
We currently have more than two dozen similar distribution deals in the pipeline at various stages of negotiation . 
And much more diversity and breadth of content than what those two to three subscription services that they are generally willing to pay for have to offer . 
This focus on Avod will continue to enhance our unique ability to generate four separate revenue streams off of the huge OTT streaming ecosystem . 
Who introduced exotic Shanghai and Greater China to us readers before World War II and is based on extensive . 
We develop our own internal IRR and investment strategies based on what it takes for us to get a specific return of more than 25 % after tax . 
It 's everything you said , it 's a combination of all of that remember we 've taken a pivot now we have a base subscription business and we 've moved over to this avod concept so you 're looking at . 
Talking in right now December 31 , so the facility will start to move up . 
We expect other channels to launch on this platform in 2019 in the coming quarters . 
With each new launch or individual platform deal , we are potentially adding five or six figures per deal in monthly revenues steady state . 
So the demand for quality Avod offerings is clearly huge and will continue to grow rapidly as more and more consumers make their choices in the OTT space . 
Where most of our competitors can only generate a single OTT revenue stream . 
We are rapidly moving forward with content supply arrangements and programming strategies for this new OTT channel with several top Chinese entertainment companies and will announce the specifics soon . 
In addition to the consolidation of segments referred to above and the renaming , we also provide OTT streaming and related digital revenues . 
Different categories of Chinese content films and TV programs out there for a Western audience to actually view . 
Are you talking about the OTT revenues what 's your specific question ? 
Anything specific you guys can attribute that to specifically here for Q 4 , one of it is simply the mathematical outcome . 
And part of that is due to some of the marketing and operating - particularly marketing efficiency issues we 've been talking about the last six to nine months . 
If you bring it into Mexico from China , it 's 30 % if you bring it into Brazil from China , it 's 40 % so what you want to do is look and say well . 
Is that nobody expected the Chinese government to come out and say that Chinese ladies could now have two babies ? 
Moreover , in the more than 30 years that I have been involved with Lakeland , the company has never been better positioned and presented with more global opportunities than it is today . 
Our cash is being invested to secure two new facilities in Asia and Southeast Asia , these facilities will start to come online at the end of our fiscal 2019 first quarter or in about nine months from now . 
Or half of one percentage point of sales as we continue to build out our sales force to accelerate growth in the markets . 
We 're looking at everything to be a 30 % return on investment on the cash that we have , and the heavy equipment does not provide that so that will come last . 
The ladies who are doing the sewing it takes about six months for them to get up to Standard . 
Chinese textile production : So it 's really who the customer is really when you come down to it , and if you have - in we sell in 40 countries and the first thing I always ask is what 's the tariff into that country . 
Total work number records are now approaching 90 million and I think as you know from your experience with the company . 
Getting to be about flat in 3 Q and slightly positive in 4 Q , the impact of the mortgage market on equifax growth is significant in the first half of 19 , impacting total revenue negatively . 
Shifting to the technology transformation , we started in 2018 it 's critical to the delivery of all of our strategic imperatives and will provide us with substantial product delivery and cost advantages . 
By the latter part of 2019 , this same process will be followed to build new applications or migrate existing applications going forward . 
We made strong steps forward in the fourth quarter and we 'll continue our efforts in 2019 and 2020 as we complete elements of our multiyear plan on amonthly basis going forward . 
Protecting the resources and technology resources around NPI was critical to us . 
The weakness in Australia and Argentina through the first half are expected to impact international revenue growth negatively by about 2 % in the first half of the year . 
This does not include the cost of any potential judgments or other outcomes should they occur for the status of the legal and regulatory matters : I would refer you to our ten - k . 
Safe to say , the vast majority of the investment in change is completed by the end of 2020 , and as part of that would it be reasonable to think that you 'd begin to see some benefits . 
Mark provided a perspective on total incremental spending on security and technology transformation over the 2018 - 20 period . 
And the weakening of the demand towards the end of the year was another hit - 10 we took another hit from that on our ebit in after sales . 
Bank accounts : The outlook the weak market environment also led to a low demand in the first two months of '19 ; the momentum has not changed . 
The highlights as an introduction as a summary I already told you about the order intake 17 % less . 
The order intake went down by 30 % business group after sales also had a little decline , and the reason here is that in the after sales business we also report the installation . 
These measures include a reduction of our global workforce of around 5 % : I told you in January that we are now going through what we call in Rieter the cycle management . 
For our project in Ingolstadt included : And we did n 't have that in 'eighteen , so that is the major change here , the dividend proposal I already . 
In the past you were expecting about 30 million spindles that should have been more or less the normal average . 
And finally , all comparative references will be to the first quarter of 2016 unless we state otherwise now I will turn the call over to Joe thanks Diana . 
With this framework in mind , let 's turn to page 4 and look at our first quarter 's results where you can see the earnings per share amounts . 
While catastrophe losses were also elevated in the first quarter of 2016 , we are comfortable with our long - term pricing expectations and do not anticipate fundamentally changing our pricing or underwriting actions due to these storms . 
Turning to investments on page 9 , this function continues to be an area of strength for Kemper : We manage a diversified and highly rated portfolio that has performed well over time . 
And turning to page 5 , we have isolated sources of volatility in our earnings in the highlighted section at the bottom of the page you can see that excluding these items underlying operating performance has improved over the past year . 
Also , as I mentioned last quarter , we are currently having discussions with a number of banks to obtain a larger and more flexible credit facility , our goal is to have something in place by the end of fiscal Q 3 Ill now turn the call over to Ted . 
Taking into account our results through the first six months of our fiscal year : Current market conditions in North Dakota and the impact of recent sale activity . 
Compared with one year ago , the level of market activity for projects and turnarounds that we are experiencing is healthier . 
These two developments reinforce our belief that there is significant opportunity for growth in providing products and services to operators focused on pipeline integrity . 
Serving not only Safran , but also some of their suppliers , our German business has benefited from strong turnaround activity and our UK business has rebounded and is showing significant improvement compared with prior year . 
We are likewise pleased with the first half 2018 results from our international segment . 
We achieved a record level of quarterly revenue in our services segment despite the impact of a large contract discontinuing using our services at the beginning in April 2018 as we previously disclosed . 
Ed will now take us through our financials for Q 2 in more detail afterwards : I will summarize our initiatives and update our expectations going forward thank you , Dennis . 
Can be found in the tables contained in Yesterday 's press release and in our related current report on Form 8 s K . 
The double - digit organic revenue gain was the primary driver to improved results , as significant improvements were noted in each of our three largest European operations . 
These reports are available on the company 's website in the investors section and on the SECs website . 
And what we experienced in the spring of 2018 represents a cat - up on some of those deferrals customer indications suggest that we should see a relatively normal remainder . 
Yes , this is Dennis , we believe that the market is coming back , we see a strong fall year ; all we 're trying to say is that we did have a strong fall of 17 as well , so comparably it may not look as . 
Of well , the only thing that 's different for the second half is : We have two quarters of missing that large contract versus the one that we had in the first quarter - or in the first half because in the first half we had a full first quarter of the contract and only missed it in the second . 
Bringing it up a little bit in Uk as well , so we do n 't really have so much difference in that it 's just when we have a strong utilization , their margins are very , very good , it 's really what we have to be careful of is making sure we can forecast going forward and watch our utilization . 
Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in the company 's most recent annual report on Form 10 - K . 
Had a smaller operating loss in Q 2 and we are optimistic that the benefits of an improved sales backlog will drive this segment to profitability . 
Our results should reflect this dynamic despite our previously disclosed loss of a large contract within our services segment commencing at the beginning of Q 2 , which we are working hard to offset with organic growth . 
We are confident in continuing margin expansion in our services segment for the remainder of 2018 over the prior year . 
Due in part to the beneficial impact of our 2017 acquisitions . 
Valuable to the customers we serve and make them want to be able to use our services in a faster way , the Cui crawlers those were again just another way of . 
I am pleased to say that we have made considerable progress on these goals in the first four quarters and we are a different Westport fuel systems today . 
We have come a long way in 4 / 4 , but there is still more work to be done . 
With the objective of putting them behind us by the end of 2017 , this will allow us to concentrate on growing in 2018 and beyond . 
So bear with us as we get through this , and move into the - minute as we close out quarter 3 , I think the discussions will have a lot more clarity to them . 
I assume that you 're talking more around the LNG , I would tell you that - Minus and Andrea has got some great statistics on where we are built out relative to CNG and LNG in the European markets , but . 
Just amatter of getting vehicles there that can use the LNG infrastructure that 's already in place . 
As we move into 'eighteen since all the engines will be the zero equivalent , this will also position us quite well for additional growth . 
Corporate and technology : Looking at our automotive business , our focus in the past 4 / 4 has been on integrating the company and transforming our operating performance . 
Into using LNG and that has also enabled infrastructure to be quite nicely built out at this point in time , so we 're - to we work with a variety of different fuel . 
And so we prefer to wait until Q 3 in order to understand . 
We will discuss some non - gaapmeasures in talking about our company 's performance ; you can find the reconciliation of these non - gaapmeasures to the most directly comparable gaapmeasures in the presentation accompanying this conference call . 
One of the clear highlights of Q 4 is our net new active number . 
On the same basis , this growth rate dropped to zero in the fourth quarter ; for the first time in two years revenue declined versus the prior year 's quarter . 
Growth in our P 2 P business continued ; deceleration of eBay and lower cross - border volumes contributed to the reduction in transaction take rate . 
In 2019 we will continue to balance investment with return of capital while maintaining an efficient capital structure . 
To continue to be a headwind in Q 1 , we expect non - gaap earnings per share . 
At least with PayPal an average of about three times , so we think we can help small businesses through these new capabilities . 
The fx so Im just curious is that the right way to think about it that the core business outside of that is accelerating and if there 's anything else in there . 
We processed just shy of 10 billion transactions in the year . 
We are targeting more than 300 million active accounts on our platform . 
This segment of our business is now much larger and fasters growing than our legacy eBay marketplace business , and we expect this growth to continue in 2019 as we expand our current partnerships and welcome new partners onto our platform . 
Those merchants that are using PayPal to sell across multiple channels already grow at nearly three times the rate of those that sell on only one marketplace . 
It means a lot to all of us at PayPal that our platform can be used to make such a large difference to nonprofits and charities across the globe 2018 was a strong year for us . 
Total take rate in Q 4 was flat sequentially and down 20 basis points from the prior year , primarily as a result of the receivable sale . 
In 2019 we plan to deliver operating margin expansion with continued operating leverage and efficiencies more than offsetting this dilutive effect . 
A little bit lower than the midpoint , but as we look at what transpired during the quarter , there are two things that stand out . 
The diversity of our portfolio given that we 've got so many different geographies in which we operate as well as so many different product offerings that we have , but those are the two things that stand out . 
And involve risks and uncertainties : These statements include our guidance for first quarter and full year 2019 , our medium - term guidance , and the impact and timing of our acquisitions , our actual results may differ materially from these statements . 
Im pleased to report that PayPal had another strong quarter ending 2018 with a record - breaking growth across a number of key customer and financial metrics . 
Helping to address that issue is a huge opportunity for consumers and is yet another way that our two - sided platform is connecting consumers . 
Despite this , geographic and product diversification , including from our acquisitions Venmo monetization and our growing APAC business , allowed us to continue to deliver solid revenue growth . 
Id now like to discuss our guidance for the full year and the first quarter of 2000 and 19 the guidance we are providing today is in line with the preliminary outlook we provided in October when we reported our third quarter results . 
We expect to welcome additional partnerships throughout 2019 : Id like to end my remarks by recognizing the extraordinary generosity of our customers . 
The diversity of our business is allowing us to maintain our guidance ranges while absorbing a number of headwinds as we enter 2000 and 19 , while the lack of eBay growth remains a challenge . 
So at the end of our operating agreement , which is 18 months from now when they finally move into intermediated payments which . 
Kind of like a Same - store sales number or something or alternatively what TPV will look like when these users reach the level of activity that you see among your average user . 
The increase in the gross profit rate for the first quarter of 2017 reflected a favorable channel mix shift . 
The tax rate for the first quarter of 2000 and 17 reflects the offsetting effect of the valuation allowance established against our deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000 and 16 due to this offsetting impact . 
And governance of it projects that we identified at the end of fiscal year 2000 and 16 during the first quarter as part of the Remediation Plan we established an it steering committee . 
After the prepared remarks , management will be available to take your questions for as long as time permits : Now Ill turn the call over to Brendan . 
And decreased discounts from the liquidation of excess inventory in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 , partially offset by higher allowances and supply chain costs . 
We expect any tax expense or benefit for the company in fiscal 2017 will be near zero to further explain this any tax rate used to generate an income tax expense or benefit . 
Which has adopted a comprehensive information technology , governance policies and procedures , additional details regarding our remediation plan can be found in our 10 - Q . 
As we think about the rest of 2017 , we have added back our pre - fall delivery in the second quarter , which we eliminated last year . 
This will dovetail nicely with our overall marketing efforts as we are looking to bring the brand back to our La Roots and build a story around our luxury product that allows her to be fashionable and very effortless in Lowe 's key way we . 
On our last call we discussed the agreement we had entered into but not yet closed to acquire two terminals . 
With the leverage ratio covenant in our credit facility and includes the Ebitda we expect to generate . 
We expect this initial Phase II project to begin to come online by the end of this year . 
As mentioned on our third quarter call , Bostco and our Florida terminals were left structurally unharmed by the Hurricanes Harvey and Irma , which impacted the Gulf Coast region over the summer . 
And be fully complete by the end of Q 1 2019 in addition to this initial . 
Was driven by contributions from our Phase 1 Collins growth project coming fully on revenue during 2017 fourth quarter revenue . 
Phase 2 Buildout : We are currently in active discussions with several other existing and prospective customers regarding future incremental capacity at Collins . 
This decrease is attributable to a decrease in earnings from our share of the Bostco facility . 
My colleague Jesper and I will now report on our company 's performance in the last nine months , we will also give you an outlook for the coming months . 
And our target for working capital remains to be single digit within the next 18 months . 
In the consumer segment , despite that , we also continue to see fx headwinds as a few examples of the efficiency program . 
In accordance with our conditional approval from the European Commission we are also preparing for the successful divestiture of certain assets of our crop protection business to FMC after the closing of the merger with Dow . 
As shown on Slide 11 , we are excited about our new seed and crop protection product pipeline . 
We urge you to review DuPont 's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially . 
We expect to close the merger in August of this year , with the FMC transaction closing in the fourth quarter . 
This year to be from hybrids released in the past three years , enabling a favorable mix . 
That cadence what also affects that ramp rate is the number of different services that we offer so right now we 're offering about 5 - 6 unique types of services and we have programs in the pipeline that are coming so each one of those . 
Oil is up a lot from where it was in the first quarter of 16 and prices for most polymers have been moving up over the past year . 
We will also refer to non - gaapmeasures we request that you review the reconciliations to gaap statements provided with our earnings news release and today 's slides which are posted on our website . 
I look forward to updating you on the progress we have made against this , and all of our 2000 and 17 priorities next quarter with that Ill turn the call back over to Greg thanks Jim . 
How you compare the strength of the environment - what you 're seeing in 'seventeen compared to what you expect for 'eighteen and 'nineteen based on what you will be launching and the expected ramp schedules . 
However , that could be offset slightly by the fact that our royalty rate is going up as we ramp a larger presence in the roundup ready 2 xtend profile as well as intacta acres in Latin America and . 
Silver prices are also better , in this case it is 3 % up . 
Currency prices coming from loans that we granted versus our loans in us dollars that 's our normal level of debt , so if . 
In Q 3 you believe that sales should be more or less in line with the production , or perhaps your sales will be higher than the actual production volume because you have . 
About the period definitely , it will pick up speed in Q 3 definitely because of - 10 s well we 're getting ready to . 
The news about the results of the company for the first six months and second quarter of the year we have a good performance and we 're happy . 
As several of our international customers are having difficulty converting their local currency to us , dollars leading to cash collections being delayed , Ralph will provide more color in his remarks . 
One with the National Park Service , one with a large western us city and another from amajor Texas electrical utility , this is just the tip of the iceberg . 
As certain customers have had difficulty obtaining us dollars to pay our invoices , these late payments are timing issues and are not bad debt problems . 
We announced strategic partnerships with software vendors and a research institution to leverage SDN for the automation and advanced control of microwave networks . 
Moving to working capital DSOS were 99 days , which was consistent with both our second and third quarters in fiscal 16 DSOS continue to be impacted by slower international customer payments as I just noted . 
Our customers recognize this value as they assess their TCO , although we have improved our processes and become more efficient in supporting this market . 
Looking into Q 1 even though our international cash conversion cycle is stretched out , we expect to be cash neutral or positive on an operating basis . 
And we consider our internal controls over financial reporting to be effective as of our fiscal 2016 year - end . 
And we remain on track to bring aviat to profitability this fiscal year on an adjusted Ebitda basis . 
And then make some comments regarding our balance sheet , additionally you can view the reconciliation of GAAP and non - GAAP financial measures in our press release . 
We expect Q 1 revenues to be flat to slightly up from Q 4 , with improvements expected in margins and spending we anticipate our losses will lessen significantly from the Q 4 levels . 
Is provided in the tables included with our press release and in our quarterly report on form , Ten - Q filed this morning . 
Our strongest overall results are being driven by sales to destination guests who were responsible for more than three quarters of our total growth and now represent approximately 44 % of our total pass holders . 
While our first fiscal quarter continues to operate at a loss , the addition of perisher has significantly improved the profitability of our business during this period when our us based mountain resorts are not open for winter operations . 
Here you can see the results of our strong underwriting discipline as there are only three loans delinquent greater than 90 days . 
Except as required under applicable law during this call , references will be made to non - GAAP financial measures as supplemental measures to review and assess operating performance . 
And 6 % from the third quarter of 2017 as we continue to focus on the origination of multifamily commercial real estate and commercial business loans with full banking relationship . 
These non - GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared . 
Since the third quarter of 2017 , the competition for deposits this quarter was especially strong in the municipal sector . 
Regarding taxes , the effective tax rate was just under 10 % for the third quarter , benefiting from the release of a previously accrued tax liability . 
For over ten years , and as a result , we 've got a track record there , we brought new people along to help us grow the portfolio , so we 've got the ability to . 
Of 1995 , such statements are subject to risks , uncertainties , and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any such statements . 
Overall , we expect continued competition for deposits and additional compression on the net interest margin through 2019 : We are pleased with our ability to generate strong . 
I look forward to doing a deep dive on our plan and providing a Q 1 and fiscal 2017 outlook as well as discussing how our plan will translate into longterm financial performance . 
So your question is very relevant , we will address it in detail on June 7 , but we have a clear path to how we 're going to evolve the products and how we 're going to connect that . 
That was essentially positioned more towards polo : We 've started to undertake conversion of some of those stores two stand - alone polo stores versus the hybrid . 
Good morning and thank you for joining Ralph Lauren 's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2016 conference call . 
Our expectations contain many risks and uncertainties ; the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from our current expectations are detailed in our SEC filings . 
At our investor day on June 7 , when we last spoke , I shared with you how I spent my first three months in the role , my initial observations and a rough outline of my approach to building the growth plan for this great company . 
Today I will provide an overview of our main priorities and recent performance before turning the call over to Bob to discuss the Q 4 and fiscal year financial results in more detail . 
Much more specific guidance at our Investor Day on June 7 , it 's - 9 - we think it 's really important . 
As you saw in the press release , net revenues were in line with our expectations for the fourth quarter down 1 % on a reported basis and flat in constant currency . 
This is in line with the guidance we provided in February of a flat to 2 % decline on a reported basis . 
This was largely due to the rapid acceptance of Abbvie 's hepatitis C therapy , which works across multiple genes and does not require the same level of testing as previous therapies . 
So is that driven by acquisitions or do you think that organic growth will improve from the OH . 5 % that you reported this quarter ? 
I think you highlighted that the drug monitoring testing and the vitamin D should come back once you work with the payers . 
We achieved a number of important objectives over the last 12 months I would like to highlight two in particular . 
I did n 't see anything mentioned on that in the ten - k that you filed this morning , so could you just update me on what happened with that ? 
Which while impacting debt has not had ameaningful contribution to our Ebitda starting in Q 1 , we will finally begin to recognize earnings for the new vessel . 
Therefore , adjusting for the impact of those discontinued products and looking at the four outlined in my previous comments related to our continuing core wheels business . 
To emphasize that we have completed this four - year transition of reducing volatility while increasing premium . 
Now going into the financial year , so I have just singled out three areas that were of concern or were happening last year . 
Then looking back , do n 't forget that 2000 and 17 was not that an easy year from sentiment as well in Europe when I come to the whole trading environment and there you have to see . 
But I think I would like to stress here as well , the point that there are markets we entered only in the last three to four years that are still small , but at that level we can grow nicely . 
It is not as if you have a permanent business , then you can intervene three four weeks or six months or four months later when there is something not working . 
So when we look into 'eighteen , we definitely will go back . 
So for that reason I think doing that and as well assuming that 5 % I think we are on the safe side that we should be able to do that . 
When you 're talking about seasonal business , you make a change in Christmas 'fifteen that change now . 
On their own 800 stores in Brazil , so we can as well bet on their health . 
So what does that mean for the shareholder , I think it 's again positive news over the last 20 - 10 last years , we have been able to constantly . 
You may remember Germany , France , Italy and Switzerland were the four core markets we started on . 
Now it 's not that this is finished , but I think we still just have lower contribution , now the second thing is that we as well these two companies . 
That was the markets in brief and quickly going through it , I have two or three comments on Switzerland and now allow me to go into that . 
But at the end you can say what is new that is basically what we have to deal with and had to deal with the last 20 years . 
We saw relatively high spot prices at the back end of 2015 and Im just trying to get a sense of whether we can still see some of the strength coming through in the current quarter . 
Where the market is now is still above where it was a year ago , so you are still going to see a growth in Q 3 relative to what you saw last year . 
We were able to deliver record Q 4 and full year adjusted Ebitda ; we also demonstrated the ability to further expand margins . 
We are now nearing the completion of two new fluid power manufacturing plants constructed at existing gates locations . 
Although we improved Ebitda performance in 2000 and 17 over the prior year , we had higher capex associated with our growth investments and our sales growth had the impact of increasing working capital dollars even though it was at a lower rate than in prior years . 
We were also able to improve our adjusted Ebitdamargin and reduce our leverage while continuing to invest in the business . 
Which we expect to come online in the second half of this year and ramp up into 2000 and 19 , we expect these investments to position us well for growth . 
Resulting in core revenue growth of over 9 % for the fourth quarter and full year . 
And that we will be fully offset by the end of the first quarter of 2000 and 18 we agree with most views that we are entering amore inflationary environment and remain committed to react with pricing where appropriate . 
Most of my questions have been answered : I guess just two follow - ups , one can you just comment on the sort of order trends , or what you 've seen so far in the first quarter ; I would assume the demand trends continue to be strong and I do n 't know if they were trending above . 
And we continue to pursue a number of conversion opportunities examples of which include the personal mobility space , industrial , MRO and mobile equipment applications . 
Our adjusted Ebitdamargins does reflect the investments we have made in growth both on an inorganic and organic basis . 
Thanks Ivo , I will now cover our Q 4 financial performance beginning on slide 9 , where as Ivo mentioned earlier you can see the record results that we have delivered for revenue and adjusted Ebitda adding to our core growth . 
And given our greater than 60 % replacement market focus and the strength of our brand , we believe that we are well positioned in this regard . 
Sort of your targeted 5 % to 6 % organic growth , although it 's early in the year I get that , but any color there and then my second question any more color you can provide on . 
Continue to target - The general guidance I would give you is , we would continue to target a a hundred percent conversion or better except for the higher amount of growth capital that we invest . 
A big piece of it and then the second piece of it is as we locked in our streaming contract for the next two years we were able to take advantage of our anticipated . 
I would say the year will end up north of 8000 and you would have continuous growth , but . 
Our plan right now is to open the Atlanta D . C . in the spring . 
Of 'nineteen that is going to be a purchase that 's the first one that we 've had , as we move forward with these other distribution centers , we 'll look at those on an individual basis . 
Can you give us a sense for the timing of when we might see 1 oh 20 basis point impact on any of the margin line items ? 
This class is entirely built of the refreshed concept , so we saw an immediate tick up in 17 with the refreshed concept . 
That 's continued into 'eighteen you layer in what 'eighteen has over 'seventeen is the halo of the spinner . 
And are made pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 as amended . 
And demonstrate our continued ability to generate solid cash flow and core EPs looking across our business results for the first quarter we were pleased with the stabilization we saw in the business . 
Definitions and reconciliations of differences between GAAP and non - GAAP financial measures are provided in Appendix A of both the earnings release and the prepared remarks . 
This means that whilst all of gas distribution is deconsolidated from continuing operations in the current year , we will report a 39 % share of profits from the associates in continuing operations next year . 
The reduction on these projects was partially offset by an increase in non - load - related spend to meet RiiO outputs . 
Before discussing our technical guidance , I want you to take a - minute take you through amore detailed look at this year 's EPs and how this sets up for next year . 
This is a quirk of accounting standards , so for your benefit we 've calculated a pro forma continuing EPs for this year . 
Our strategy is focused across three specific areas : First , we 're finding new ways of optimizing our operational performance . 
But could you just give us an idea about the timing on when you need to submit your business plans when you might get an early indication of WACC from the regulator , for instance ? 
Additional allowances contributed 80 basis points of performance in line with the prior year . 
On the customer growth side we have less than 70 % gas penetration across our territories that means there are more than 1 million households that are still burning oil or another fuel creating opportunity for further investments . 
This concluded a long and complex process that involves separating gas distribution from the rest of our UK business agreeing with pension trustees to split the scheme into three sections and then amajor financing program . 
As you know , we completed the gas distribution sale on 31 March , the accounting for this large transaction has added a layer of complexity to the results for the year . 
We have provided alternative metrics which adjust for this as you can see these are broadly similar to the prior year and comfortably above the levels expected for the 9 s months credit rating . 
We 've used a variety of technological innovations such as a new type of switchgear and virtual modeling to reduce the total cost of this project by 20 % , in addition we continue to review opportunities to reduce our environmental impact . 
We realized this is a significant request , so we provided two additional years of data to facilitate amulti - year settlement . 
The second quarter and the remainder of 2018 , the first quarter , was about as choppy as it gets for our business . 
Our Permian FRAC business seemed to encounter the bulk of the delays , with several of our jobs pushing into late Q 1 and into Q 2 the Permian basin has been amagnet . 
And so I ca n 't help but think that the demand is building and that all of this is going to whipsaw at some point , I do n 't know if it 's Q 2 , Q 3 or when and I do n 't know if . 
But as you look out into Q 2 , Q 3 , do you see an opportunity to take some net price here on top of whatever wage inflation you may experience ? 
And - minus for instance , we had one customer that sold out in eastern New Mexico and we were running five rigs a day . 
That is not to say that we have n 't seen a decrease in the 24 s hour packages . 
Increased equipment activations in 2000 and 18 will require the industry to look outside the current labor pool . 
Adjusted Ebitda for the first quarter was lower than what we originally expected , while cash capital expenditures came in higher for the first quarter than we anticipated . 
We anticipate the full company revenue for Q 2 is likely to be 7 % to 11 % higher . 
That is included in our general and administrative expense , this presentation of adjusted Ebitda aligns us with many of our peers that add back . 
Yes , the Duc Count continues to climb and Im just trying to sort through . 
When you look at the duc count and you looked at the rig count and you look at what 's going on in the macro . 
These and other efforts culminated in several critical accomplishments over the past 12 months . 
Both in the CPT code payment for the procedure and the drug . 
That we have to focus that the CPT code is paid so that they adopt so . 
Furthermore , many of our customers were primarily refractive LASIK centers and have little or no experience with buy and bill drugs . 
Can you give a little bit more color around what is different heading into 2019 , of course we have the J code , but just a little more color about what gives you the confidence and the acceleration ? 
And we 're finding the opportunity to put our KXL systems and our drugs into those accounts , so there are opportunities that are . 
Is there a percentage of that 300 system installed base that you guys are not really actively engaged in folks that maybe ? 
For example , we see through our arch program . 
Compared to the adjusted Ebit and caused particularly by lower interest costs . 
Most of it came from a big contract in Mexico ; this product - 1 project is now finished and fully included in the 18 figures as . 
So we have several measures in place to make sure we maintain this level or can even decrease this level we have managed to get our personnel cost down two points . 
An extensive search and recruitment process was undertaken this morning ; we announced four new appointments . 
And it 's nice when your efforts coincide with an increase in oil prices so that was very positive and our technical and operations groups are very keen that we can meet our flat production through fy '20 well on our way . 
But for the time being we 're pretty confident that we 'll move pending the IPT results . 
This is Jeff Nik , I think it 's probably going to be closer to 50 - 50 , a lot of the increased production in the Cooper Basin JV is . 
Produced the entire quarter and we saw an increase of 6 % production over the previous quarter . 
And all of that hard work , it was what I was trying to allude to in my prepared remarks , had set us up in 'one nine and 'twenty , and beyond to be more balanced . 
They are much more relevant to the community ; they 're probably going to do 30 % to 50 % more in volume ; it 's allowed us to really . 
At average spreads north of 50 % , As some of you have also noted in your research , our track record of capitalizing on bankruptcies compares very favorably . 
It 's important to note that the projects we are gearing up for redevelopment are creating over a a hundred basis point drag on occupancy . 
Reflecting strong leasing productivity and redevelopment execution over the last 12 to 18 months despite the headwinds experienced in the fourth quarter due to the rejection of six of our eleven Sears Kmart leases . 
Turning to 2019 as Jim highlighted the coming year will be an opportunity for the investment community to see accelerating results from the work that has been done over the last three years to create a platform positioned to take full advantage of the opportunity embedded in this portfolio . 
So what we 've been working on over the last two years , what you 've implicitly suggested , has been setting up the ability to drive value in these Kmart boxes and . 
Putting us in a position where we have no debt maturities at this point until 2021 expanding the flexibility of the balance sheet , repaying all that secured debt has created a tremendous amount of operational and financial flexibility across the capital stack , so we 're really pleased . 
Over the next 6 - 8 / 4 and so for us from an execution standpoint . 
And that rent is going to be commencing over the next 6 - 8 / 4 and it is a clear driver of what we see our NOI growth to be for this year and next year . 
Those were two names that we had been watching for a while ; there are still some uses and tenants out there that we 're keeping a closer eye on , but the magnitude of last year 's bankruptcies are certainly smaller as we look into this year . 
Also we will refer today to differ certain non - gaap financial measures ; further information regarding our use of these measures and reconciliations of these measures to our gaap results are available in the earnings release and supplemental disclosure . 
So can you talk about that decision , and then maybe help us - Linder help quantify what sort of impact it 's actually expected to have on your 3 % Same - Store expectations for the year ? 
And the impact that could have to us was not fully contemplated in the range , and so I think what you really saw was a big impact in the fourth quarter like we talked about 90 basis points . 
By the end of 2000 and 16 we expect our annual research and development spending on new products and cost reduction initiatives . 
That would tell us that we should be seeing increases through 2017 , the other thing to remember is we do buy recycled material and recycled material . 
We have a number of open cases that are probably more than three years old where people have just not come back to complete the transaction necessary to do the repairs . 
The cash effect of this charge and the existing reserve will be incurred over the next 15 - plus years . 
We will also run our plants at a higher capacity utilization to achieve the appropriate level of inventory to support 2017 growth objectives . 
If you go back over the last several years , I think we 've ranged primarily between the low 40 s and I think it 's high as may be 50 % okay . 
The company issued a press release yesterday after Market Closed containing financial results for the third quarter of 2016 ; this release is available on the company 's website . 
This relates to the surface flaking issue that affected a small portion of products produced at our Nevada plant before 2007 to . 
During our distributor and sales meeting we shared one product in development with our sales and distribution team . 
We 've been very effective at going to new vendors and being able to contain the cost increases on poly quite effectively over the last eight years . 
But certainly we want to be fair to both the company and the supplier , the combination of those two certainly has had an impact . 
And in such anniversary year , for the first time in our 92 s year history , we achieved both record revenues and operating profit . 
As for the reaction of the patients , I have heard that according to various SNS sources . 
Please discuss how you are going to differentiate this product : Pfizer is conducting phase II study in Japan for an antibody product with similar mechanism . 
As one of the global programs domestic project was decided to be pursued between these two , there is no contradiction . 
And make the payment of the remaining 90 % and the deal is closed out . 
It be a possibility concerning FMI business . 
And on Monday we issued a news release announcing approval recommendation granted by CHMP in Europe . 
Whether the orders cover four months , we do not have a clear picture of demand and supply currently , so we are not able to report on anything binding yet . 
Reporting our main focuses for our investment market mutual fund clients as of June our n - port n - cen solution within our arcfiling product was made available . 
And growth in our SaaS offerings was more than offset by lower mutual funds volume in us investment markets . 
Including approximately 80 basis points of a negative impact related to the adoption of a new revenue recognition standard . 
We came to know the SDL management team quite well and are very pleased with how the transaction concluded . 
Lower transactional volume in the international segment and lower compliance volume in us capital markets . 
In addition to continued secular declines and modest price reductions in prints , there were a couple of projects in the second quarter of 2017 that did not repeat this year . 
Before I move on to our operating priorities , Id like to discuss the sale of our language solutions business , which closed on July 22 , this transaction was an important step in executing our strategy . 
Delivering on a culture of speed to execution , innovation and agility , Im pleased to share we 've recently brought on two new officers to our executive team . 
Excluding the negative impact from the change in revenue recognition standard second quarter Ebitdamargin improvement of 90 basis points . 
Aligning directly to our five - year plan and allowing us to better focus on our global regulatory and compliance offerings . 
As highlighted in this morning 's press release , we provided updated full year 2000 and 18 guidance to reflect the impact of the disposition of the language solutions business . 
We will expect to maintain at least that level of growth through 2017 , but we will assess that when we get there . 
The company plans to replace its existing metres between 2017 and 2019 to provide expanded benefits to customers and to comply with state - mandated regulations on metering technology . 
It 's designed to provide significant benefits for electricity consumers in the Northeast PPL Electric Utilities has filed an interconnection request . 
Along with our ability to earn incentive revenues are two very strong reasons . 
The increase for 2015 is primarily driven by the lower depreciation expense from the asset life extension . 
In revenue through a rate increase to be effective January 1 , 2016 , the settlement will help fund additional reliability improvements . 
On the Susquehanna - Roseland project we demonstrated our ability to cooperate with multiple state and regulatory government agencies and to partner with a neighboring utility , which built an additional 50 miles of transmission line in New Jersey as part of that project . 
Shifting south to Kentucky , we retired the final two generating units at our Green River station on September 30 , this marks the completion of our plan to retire 800 MW of coal 's fired generation in Kentucky . 
That concludes , My prepared remarks and Ill turn the call back over to Bill thank you , Vince PPL continues to be a very compelling investment opportunity within our sector . 
Earnings for that segment sort of being shifted a little bit into 2000 and 17 , and potentially earlier than that well two things one is , we will continue to update on a quarterly basis where we stand relative to those incentive targets . 
And as I indicated earlier in my remarks , we are now confident we can achieve 6 % compound annual earnings growth . 
At which time we will target a 4 % to 6 % dividend growth rate more in line with our earnings growth expectations . 
Turning to slide 11 , the primary schemes that contribute to incentive revenues include the interruption , incentive schemes , and the broad measure of customer satisfaction . 
Kind of current level of performance , so if WPD is able to continue to improve , that would push us . 
Kentucky , but your us utility growth rate puts you kind of well above the norm for traditional utilities : can you talk about some of the other drivers of that besides those two items I referenced ? 
Moving to slide 3 , you 'll see our agenda for today 's discussion , we 'll begin with an overview of our third quarter and year - to - date earnings results . 
Before I jump into the earnings details , however , let me tell you briefly where we stand with three quarters of the year behind us . 
We currently expect to be in the targeted payout range by the end of 2016 , so our current expectation is that we will grow the dividend . 
The final rule was just published last Friday , October 23 , and the final impact of the rule will note not be known until the State Implementation Plan or the state 's specific Federal Implementation Plan has been developed . 
And we expect that to continue into riio - ed one our ability to execute on our plans and achieve incentive revenue has been key to our financial performance . 
While we have only been performing under Riio for six months as I mentioned earlier , the benefit of being fast - track afforded us the opportunity to begin to plan our approach to delivering outputs . 
On slide 15 , our Pennsylvania regulated segment earnings for the third quarter were flat compared with a year ago . 
With the new disclosures and now six months behind us in terms of how well we feel about . 
In terms of the next end of the period , I guess when would that be vince in terms of the measurements , yes , I mean it 's the same schedule as the 15 - 16 , so . 
Excluding the project , revenues are projected to increase approximately 15 % slightly down from our previous projections due to some project slippage in the linings business . 
We currently expect the majority of this work to be completed in the second half with the potential for some work into early 2019 this project is A . 
We entered 2019 with a very strong platform in place from a business development standpoint and we 're seeing strong experienced leadership in place in each of our profit centers , now a full marketing team in place for the first time in a year . 
And we review those every month in ALCO and then periodically look at how we can bring those more in line with our standard pricing over time . 
And the business development offices that we had in 2017 and '18 had become acclimated and more productive as they gain experience at First Western . 
In the organization about enforcing minimums , we 've added some significant new services over the last three months that are going to drive higher margins . 
But our pipelines are up significantly like 50 % if you do an Apples - to - apples comparison on where we were . 
We 're comfortable paying a higher rate to win the initial deposit relationship even if that results in short - term NIM compression . 
Our Q 2 result showed a continuation of our solid business development . 
Just to add one thing on your first question in terms of cost in the first half do remember what we spoke about in the Q 1 where we said that we were making sure that it was not so backend loaded as it had been in previous years . 
A transcript of this conference call will be added to our website and the IR app within the next . 
We 've seen one of the competitors effectively raise prices , is it something that you are looking to do also to improve your arpu or ? 
Partner trading remained seasonally strong as we saw the benefits from the migration due to the 4 G focus we also saw strong demand on VDSL , which more than offsets the ADSL losses . 
We have seen that being in line with the expectations already throughout the year and also in the course of the Q 4 we have not seen amajor effect . 
As you can see from the regulatory effects that we have seen in Q 4 , you can see . 
We invite you to read the complete disclaimer included in the first page of this presentation , which you will also find on our website in the IR section . 
On the revenue side we have already started a series of portfolio adjustments for the O 2 plan as well as in the Blau area . 
And who are now gearing up to the same thing again for the next chapter of our journey , our digital transformation over the next four years ? 
Growth plus required transformation investment : The regulatory effects on Oibda are slightly lower . 
On its operational and financial achievements of the last three integration years . 
Revenue trends are solid as we are looking to grow in line with the German market commercial momentum and successful synergy delivery drove significant oibda growth . 
Additionally , today 's remarks will include a discussion of certain financial measures that are not presented in conformity with us . 
We are now in the process of implementing changes that we think will drive higher , connect , continue to improve ARPU and give our customers even greater choice and control . 
Offering Business Customers : The Freedom and Flexibility of the Latest Cloud - Based Virtual PBX Technology . 
Our third quarter is the first time that our quarterly results fully reflect combined Legacy Cable 1 and Legacy Newwave results for both 17 and 18 now getting into the 18 third quarter results . 
We continue to experience steady and strong , adjusted Ebitda growth and margin expansion , and feel good about our opportunity to extend that into the future . 
I am also excited that we can now discuss cable one 's growth in total as both the current and prior year . 
Once again our results demonstrate the successful execution of our long - term strategy , which we believe serves both cable one customers and our shareholders well . 
The result is that at peak utilization we are only using 25 % of our available capacity , which means that we are well positioned to not only add customers . 
And cable 1 is matching donations made by our associates to support some of those with the greatest need , and now Steven will provide more financial details on our third quarter results . 
One of our associates took first place in the challenge and six of the nine finalists came from Cable One . 
To give you amagnitude of customers today , we have a customer that has 22 proprietary stores in addition to a franchise . 
You 've been growing Tef and I just want to get a better understanding about the customer profile that you are selling and sub - acquiring can you just give me ? 
What I said makes sense for the next two years and along the same line , I understand that you want to maintain more stable margins , but . 
A better solution with a better fit depending on the scale of the project or maybe eventually your OMS business today could probably . 
The levels of 2018 should be the levels to be expected looking forward . 
An idea of the number of stores and the size and the magnitude of the sub - acquiree , and what is the TEF that you already ? 
In a given year , the recurring revenue will start to be generated as of next year and - kilometre because it takes about at least six months . 
Vehicle dealerships : We have two products , one was already operating in the cloud and the other one was not running in the cloud . 
All of these major projects of OMS are now being delivered so how do you ? 
I mean this would be 8 % growth if you consider the number of stores you mentioned and these are all . 
Customers that are more traditional with CLV : I just want to understand the difference why . 
What is your outlook to grow recurring revenue in 2019 : Do you anticipate some recovery , what could we expect ? 
Larger projects , as you said the revenue share , is larger that 's why there should be some room to grow further in the next two years . 
We launch our oms lite , I do n 't know whether this will be the name . 
Large deal we started working , we put together a large deal team almost 18 months ago now and for the first time in our company we started working with the advisers and the influencers community . 
Duncan has made a substantial contribution to our company over the last nine years and Id like to thank him for seeing the company through to year - end disclosures and we wish him every success with his new endeavours . 
Now before I hand off to Allan , just a couple of specific items to note our CTR delivered a home initiative in Ottowa is well underway and we 're collaborating closely with our dealers . 
But we need to be more aggressive , although Im pleased with the performance in 17 , I think we could have set the bar higher and acquired more aggressively . 
Mark 's has a lot of potential and I think 2018 will be an important year for Mark 's to begin to establish a relationship with a new generation of Canadians . 
Looking forward , I see more opportunities to improve ROIC by further enhancing our approach to allocating capital among our businesses . 
Caused the business mix of the retail segment to shift towards CTR and given its business model , it has as you know the lowest margin rate of our three retail businesses . 
Come down by 32 basis points , especially in a year when we were investing so heavily in the business , to drive new capabilities like consumer brands , digital store sport and analytics to mention a few . 
At the different banners and then how do you expect to be able to leverage that in your business in 'one 8 and '19 I mean is it amatter of ? 
So you can expect to see us adopt the same type of approach at FGL that you would have seen . 
Frankly , a great year , but not an end state , as we still have our sights on continued improvement with a new leg of operational efficiency programs targeting some key areas like it and supply chain . 
The departments together and then blend them together and not have two people doing the same job and a certain task being done two or three times , so that certainly has to continue and I do n 't think anybody would say that the . 
In 2018 , all the banners will continue to collaborate to improve all aspects of our operations , moving from a banner view of operating effectiveness to a one company framework where the benefits will be larger and accrue faster . 
That are nontraditional , and that can make money in those categories , so Id say for the last 18 months or so . 
Area that they would have picked up say in the last six or nine months to be in charge of all . 
Information regarding these factors is contained in Yesterday 's press release and with the company 's other filings with the SEC . 
Administration services only or ASO contract with the State of New York at the beginning of the second quarter . 
On our transportation network , our efforts to improve our network capacity and efficiency are beginning to pay off with financial benefits and improved service levels , so to summarize we have 20 work streams in progress . 
Remember that ASO contracts tend to be higher margin as transportation costs are paid directly by the client and do not essentially flow through our revenue line , as is the case for our other contracts . 
Now moving to our balance sheet summary on page 9 you can see that our cash balance fell from last quarter due to the temporary working capital movement I just discussed , which reversed itself in July . 
The company will also discuss non - GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors . 
And Im pushing my luck here , but would you give us a peak sales estimate for your two new drugs that you have in - licensed ? 
In discussing our first quarter 2017 , I will focus on the main aspects that have impacted our results and I will make reference to the earnings call presentation . 
On slide 12 we show the overall allowances covering our book with amore moderate increase in coverage levels the walk of loan allowances from stages 1 to 3 for the quarter illustrates . 
Let me move on to margins , so from funding to margins we have been able to maintain the net interest margin over 20 % for the quarter . 
On page 15 we recapped return on average equity and capitalization trends . 
The stage 3 pressure is going to diminish over the course of the next few quarters and depending on asset growth . 
These are defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1900 and 95 ; they are based on information and data that is currently available ; however , the actual performance may differ due to various factors . 
So move on - moving on to credit quality , Im glad to report that we have made important progress to resolve two of the problematic loans we had in our portfolio . 
First of all , from a comparison side 2017 will have one big quarter and the rest mostly flat , I think 2018 will be much more calibrated throughout the year . 
We anticipate strong results in the fourth quarter based on the positive response from our global preview of Lumispa at Live . 
We anticipate the initial rollout of these - of the program to begin in the Pacific markets later this year and then globally over the next two years . 
Perhaps I was being too bullish about the fourth quarter , at least with regard to FX , I thought it would be probably more neutral , and it sounds like there will still be some . 
I think if you look at us over the last about 10 years , we 've averaged about 2 % net reduction in outstanding shares every year . 
A strong increase in international sales and amodest increase in commercial sales during the quarter were more than offset by lower than anticipated us consumer sales . 
Which occurred when orders that were anticipated to ship in the third quarter of 2017 did not ship until early in the fourth quarter , we do not believe this change will result in a shortfall in the back half of the year . 
Cash flow before financing activities is expected to be positive this year , but lower than 2016 over the past several years the pace of new kitchen collection store openings has slowed and the number of store closings has increased . 
Net income in 2018 is expected to increase modestly compared with this year , as the benefit of the increase in revenues are expected to be mostly offset by the cost to implement these initiatives and the incremental public company costs . 
Following his remarks , I will provide an overview of the financial highlights for the third quarter of 2017 before we open the call for questions . 
And hope that such ameeting can occur early in 2018 , ideally in the January time frame . 
This is perhaps an obvious statement to make after receiving two complete response letters , but it is important to keep in mind as we are moving ocular forward to be able to support not only Dextenzamanufacture . 
Based on the feedback we receive at that FDA meeting as well as data from additional manufacturing runs . 
And it 's possible that we would continue development there , but I personally wo n 't speak to the timing of that , but we have one successful . 
And while Dextenza is the most near term and immediate imperative , it 's no more important or urgent than development of our pipeline , the hydrogel platform has amultitude of current and potential applications that we intend to bring forward either by ourselves or in partnership with other companies . 
In addition , while not a primary endpoint , the IOP reduction will also need to be clinically meaningful for regulatory approval . 
Debt service obligations and capital expenditure requirements into the fourth quarter of 2018 This is of course subject to a number of assumptions about our clinical development programs and other aspects of our business . 
Of 2018 we 're working with a strong sense of urgency and the need for speed , but we also recognize how critical it is . 
To enhance operations and reduce expenses surrounding the delayed Dextenza launch . 
The number of common shares to be issued at the end of every 6 - month interest period . 
The complexity associated with the development of 5 G and its prototypes . 
One example of the efficiency from sitewide software adoption comes from ABB , a global leader in power and automation technologies . 
Finally , I would like to mention that I will be at the Oppenheimer Industrial Conference in New York on May 11 , the Stephens Roadshow on May 12 in Boston . 
This weakness resulted in a lower performance in Q 1 than we had expected and adversely impacted our RF product sales . 
We are in a position to lead the research and elemental technology using noma and high frequency . 
We believe we are in a unique position driven by having the largest PXI product portfolio in the industry , a differentiated software position for creating modular systems . 
In Q 1 we continued to be impacted by the challenging economic environment resulting in revenue performance below our expectations . 
Rather than driving around with the infotainment system installed in a vehicle , the engineering team used NI products to produce and measure signals in a lab to quickly test a wide range of scenarios . 
This sentiment has been validated at recent events like Mobile World Congress in Barcelona and the 5 G Summit in Brooklyn , where NI customers like Nokia and Intel have demonstrated the power of our modular approach . 
At the Embedded World Technical Conference in Nuremberg we highlighted how the NI platform is ideally suited to take advantage of ubiquitous connectivity and edge analytics that are needed for the industrial internet of things . 
In summary , we felt the impacts of a challenging economic environment in Q 1 and still managed to deliver positive core revenue growth . 
Throughout our history our company and platform has weathered many economic and currency cycles while remaining committed to our a hundred - year plan . 
Beginning in EMEA we had strong wins across the region and while the Middle East is experiencing a slowdown we delivered profitability in line with our expectations . 
We anticipate our third quarter EPs will be similar to the first quarter due mostly to the ongoing weakness in the oil and gas market and our anticipated AECOM capital realization in the fourth quarter . 
There 's more of that to come , there 's some big big consolidations we just did a big one in Denver , which is one of our largest offices that are now operating about 1400 people in one location . 
Thank you operator before reviewing our results , Id like to direct you to the Safe Harbor statement on page 2 of today 's presentation . 
I will begin with an overview of Aecom 's results and discuss the trends across our diverse business , then Troy will review our financial performance in greater detail Steve will conclude with financial guidance before turning the call over for a questions 's and 's answer session . 
Our backlog increased by 8 % in the second quarter and with the anticipated benefits from the Federal Transportation Bill and growing spending in Canada we are confident growth will continue to improve . 
Thanks Troy please turn to slide 13 , we are pleased with the progress of our business , particularly the swing to organic growth in the Americas DCS business . 
This compares to only 10 % in 2013 and is a testament to our ability to expand strong businesses into new markets and geographies , let 's move to our energy and industrial construction business . 
The strong margin improvement in overall DCs and in ms and the enhanced pipeline of opportunities across our diverse end markets . 
Competitive environment : When your - fairs for these projects is a lot more fierce relative to say 12 months ago because when I think about you winning all these work in management services and what your margins have been in management services that has pretty . 
We 've got execution to do on the real estate and we have a track record of executing quite well ; we 've taken out two hundred and five locations and consolidated them . 
The Federal Transportation Bill : The first time in 10 years that we 've had a long - term bill and then the private sector that is . 
In addition , more than 25 states and metros have enacted new infrastructure funding measures over the past three years . 
Thanks Mike , please turn to slide six our second quarter results were consistent with our expectations , with the exception of our oil and gas business where market conditions remain challenging . 
Key things that need to happen in the next 2 / 4 of 16 to keep you on track for your 17 plan . 
ms : We have very significant margins in that sector , but our second half will probably exceed our expectations relative to what we . 
To get our people together , we 've removed three million square feet of space and brought our people together . 
The program is expected to be executed through 2019 , but is not specific as to when or how many shares will be purchased . 
I would say historically strategic accounts do best in the second half of the year , and in particular in the fourth quarter , and that was true again in 2017 , so this is a little bit consistent . 
In large part because of the opportunity to attach content to their learning deals , which results in amuch larger ASP and amuch bigger opportunity for them , especially given the new commission rates . 
But content is not our only opportunity to drive more recurring revenue in addition to our core solutions and the continued upside opportunity around our recruiting and HR suites . 
We continue to see strong momentum from our European business , with Q 4 closing the largest number of new client wins in the region 's history . 
We are pleased with the performance we saw in the second half of the year and believe the changes we made will drive strong momentum through 2018 ; another strong performer for the year was client sales . 
Subscription revenue begins the day we sign a contract and is recognized ratably over the lifetime of that contract ; ARR shows the annual recurring revenue at a particular point in time . 
For 2018 we expect that our capital expenditures will increase to 3 % to 4 % of revenue as we continue to make improvements to our data infrastructure to support our client growth . 
The Census Bureau and the SEC and we see opportunity more broadly . 
Id like to start by updating you on the latest developments of the strategic plan that we first introduced on the Q 3 earnings call . 
Which will be a significant driver of margin improvement for 2018 , we also have optimized our annual budget to drive significant margin improvement . 
We believe organizations spend anywhere from two to five times more on learning content than they spend on their learning management system . 
With that , Id like to turn it over to Brian to discuss our 2017 fourth quarter and full year financial performance as well as our 2018 outlook in more detail . 
As of December 31 , since our business is very seasonal and we tend to capture a lot of ARR in the back half of the year , this metric is best reviewed on an annual basis . 
This amount also includes the funding of two new European data centres in Paris and Frankfurt . 
And we now have a new opportunity both with cornerstone hr and with content . 
The truth is , we probably should have been doing this on a recurring basis five or ten years ago , but we absolutely can do it now and that creates an incremental recurring revenue stream for us and one that 's . 
The us enterprise business has always been a rock for us , the exception was the first half . 
There are four aspects that make the training content market interesting for cornerstone . 
What makes us even more compelling is the fact that the learning management system budget and the content budget generally come from two different sources . 
On January , two we appointed Jeff Lautenbach to the position of President of Global Field Operations . 
This was driven by the continued adoption of the Cornerstone HR suite as well as accelerating traction with cornerstone recruiting . 
It 's worth noting that this annual dollar retention on a net basis continues to exceed 100 % demonstrating that we have . 
I want to especially thank our global team for all of their great work during this transition to helpmore than 35 million people around the world to realize their potential . 
Of 2017 we can talk about that later , but we clearly had an issue there in the first half of 17 ; it recovered in the second half of 2017 and we expect that will continue to be a big portion of our business . 
Before we begin our presentation , I encourage all listeners to review the safe harbor statements included on slides 2 and 3 in the investor presentation on our website , which explain the risks of forward 's looking statements . 
For such measures reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are in the earnings release and in the appendix to the investor presentation I will now turn the call over to Curt Morgan to kick off our discussion . 
Which are set forth on slide 6 , it is worth mentioning again that we increased our guidance for both companies in May when we initiated guidance for the combined company . 
Now you might be wondering why we are not updating our 2018 ongoing operations guidance ranges given the year - to - date performance that has exceeded expectations embedded in the May guidance . 
And as a result , we believe over time this unique financial characteristic will lead to a full valuation for Vistra , it takes very low maintenance capital to support the Ebitda of the company , given the combination of highly efficient low 's cost in - they 's money fleet . 
Specifically , July 2018 wind production at the peak hour was right around the average wind production at the peak hour over the last three years in July . 
So again , if you ask me what I would like to see , Id rather see the forward curves come up and reflect reality in 'one nine and 'twenty and take the risk . 
And then just one last quick one on the - 1 just your quick take on the FERC order on subsidized generation and capacity and . 
It 's a 'nineteen issue , I think it 's a good issue to have we can manage it , and we could actually push more into 'twenty if we wanted to . 
To see if there 's any type of irrational build , but I think it 's a combination of those two factors . 
The combined company - is the sum of the two revolvers for the - 10 - 10 that we had before that were a little bit less than that . 
The limitations of certain industry and market data included in the presentation and the use of non - GAAP financial measures . 
In the end , as we execute as expected in 2018 and 2019 , we can move on a number of capital allocation fronts . 
Given the tight reserve margins we expect through at least summer 2020 we believe this backwardation will reverse at some point in the future . 
The Ebitda : What you would call - you could say that the drag is what the savings is , so we 're not going to get the drag . 
I do n 't believe that you 'll get through a straight mopr - ex with complete exemptions that shuts out the states . 
Also available on our website are a copy of Today 's Investor Presentation , Our Ten - Q and the related earnings release . 
We also have the commercial prowess and market liquidity to capitalize on volatility and lock in value on a twod to 3 - year forward basis , contributing to certainty , stability and visibility of our Ebitda and free cash flow . 
And have direct discussions , but that 's probably later this year early 'nineteen before we engage in that . 
You guys know this , I mean the ercot weather can change on a dime , and so we want to - DiME , I think it 's prudent for us not to do anything yet on full year guidance , and we 'll have a lot to talk about at the Q 3 call around that . 
In Ercot again , so I think it 's going to be developers , and then it 's very , very difficult - kilometre , I know this when I was at ECP , it 's extremely difficult to get financing . 
If you multiply relative to the estimated '19 realized price does n 't seem like too much of a change , but can you elaborate a little bit on some of the puts and takes going on , there might it be slightly lower across all the regions ? 
From Ebitda is that a kind of - do you look at that as a fixed number going forward or is that something that trends in an upward direction over time Im just curious . 
Some of its August 2018 and summer 2019 length in the spring when the forward curve ran up and was higher than our fundamental point of view . 
We believe it is prudent at this point to reaffirm our guidance and wait until our third quarter call to consider an update to both the 2018 and 2019 guidance ranges , however we feel very good about where we are at this point in time . 
Of 2018 to prove this out , so please stay tuned for further updates on this topic . 
But we do think there 's a couple of ideas that we 're going to go forward with , we 're trying to work as I said with a number of different parties to try to get people to sign off , I think it 's . Strength is in numbers when you go to FERC and we think we 're trying to - or I think we may have a coalition . 
Because I do believe , Ferc believes that part of their role is to try to work with states and some of the things that states are trying to accomplish . 
Constant over time or is that something that trends in one direction or another yes , I think it generally , is on average 60 % over time . 
Longer term we believe that the favorable impact from our strategic programs will return growth to CDI with multi - year growth averaging high single digits . 
With 14 of those quarters being positive , Silvercrest 's growth has been achieved while we have maintained or increased our adjusted Ebitdamargins even as we 've invested in the business on behalf of our clients and for future growth . 
So those additional hires have been made and they have n 't as you 've noticed affected our comp ratio or hit Ebitda because it was done within our current growth scenario . 
We also hired a gentleman who was with Graystone Consulting and acted as a very high level PM . 
And so for that reason what we 're doing here is paying both the dividend and doing acquisitions and that 's still within well within the limits for what we can do on our net debts to - ebitda target levels . 
So in fact , when we look at the total impact in Q 1 , I would not be too focused on the component of that in the first quarter , what I reassure is that we are seeing the savings coming through . 
Are subject to future risks and uncertainties please refer to slide two of today 's presentation for further details ? 
Over time we expect to increase the level of funding to 2 % in addition to establishing processes to increase the cadence of successful new product launches . 
Increased organizational focus on customers is driving growth , as each luxfer salesperson is expected to reach out to at least two new customers every week . 
First quarter adjusted Ebitda for gas cylinders up 13 % reflects the positive impact of the higher volume and pricing as well as productivity , which was a direct result of manufacturing improvement . 
With existing products and as you know , we also have new products which are likely going to help us kick start growth later in 2019 and '20 , so both the short term and long term are turning more positive there . 
Any references to non - GAAP financials are reconciled in the appendix of the presentation . 
In November we followed up with additional positive data from the duet Trial , which was presented in the late - breaking oral session . 
Further analysis of the safety database from the initial eight - week double - blind treatment period presented at the conference showed that Sparsentan was generally safe and well tolerated . 
As many of you know , this definition was derived in conjunction with the Neptune Consortium . 
To complete the analysis and gain agreement with FDA on this particular piece , we are confident we will get there in the very near future . 
Of FSGs stakeholders to efficiently enroll this trial far more , we have identified more than 100 sites globally with interest in participating in the trial . 
But they also felt that they would like to see a longer observation period than the eight weeks . 
So heading into our end of Phase II meeting with the agency in late January . 
We estimate these sites represent more than 1600 patients who would be potentially eligible . 
We had growth across all of our commercial products during the quarter , which led to the 23 % growth over the fourth quarter last year . 
Which was a controlled observation period in duet that was clear one of the things we are working with them on right now is what is the exact observation period that we want to put into the confirmatory trial . 
For entry into the trial beyond that we will continue to work closely with the Neptune Consortium and NephCure International organizations . 
Finally , Ill touch on our business development efforts before turning it over to Laura to run through the financials ; BD remains a key piece of our strategy . 
We made substantial progress on both the development and commercial fronts in 2016 : Im very proud of our many accomplishments during the year , most recently in the fourth quarter we presented additional positive data . 
It is worth noting that since the duet results were originally announced and presented last fall , external awareness and excitement around the Sparsentan program has grown significantly and the investigator patient and advocacy communities . 
As you know , our CMO had an unforeseen manufacturing delay which resulted in us having to move first patient dosed in the trial . 
Looking ahead to 2017 , we have a number of exciting initiatives that we expect to further our top line growth over 2016 , most notably we 're implementing a small expansion of our sales force which will allow us to have two dedicated teams . 
Based on our planned efforts , we expect the use of the panel to double in 2017 for Zellweger spectrum disorders : We will be pushing forward our patient identification efforts . 
The other thing they have asked us to do and which duet did not do for us . 
As well as the introduction of GuideWire , we 're also looking to expand our market footprint in home , staying firmly in the over - 50 s camp and using the strong panel to help us to grow . 
And one final point is I am still going to be here for six months so these lot will still have to put up with me for that long and during this period Im fully committed to driving the business forwards . 
Earlier on , I focused on the company 's performance since IPO , and especially on last year now , let 's look ahead the time is now right to invest in growing our customer base . 
Why now firstly we 've replaced the majority of our it systems ? 
We now have over half million members , over 80 % of the customers that we talk to who have chosen to activate their membership and a high proportion of those then start to interact with the brand . 
And the positive experience that we 've had in both large and small p and finally the travel division increased profits materially . 
And while cruise will have more operational days in the current 2019 financial year . 
We do not expect the group 's overall leverage ratio to go above three times and . 
And there are early signs of success from our investment in motor and home broking : We are delivering new customers , let 's be clear it 's only two months in . 
So it gives us certainty over - 3 - at all times over a 3 - year period , and if there is a termination , then we 've got three years to find somebody to replace them . 
In our knowledge and our understanding of the over 50 s in the longer term we expect to see a positive impact on churn rates . 
Previous question : I just answered just kind of come to bear and has been for the last 12 to 18 months , so the pricing on acquisitions was n 't making sense and then getting new product in markets where we did n 't have existing product is . 
We opened up three new properties in London in the back half . 
We will walk - 6 we 'll talk further about the terms of this credit agreement in a few moments , lastly we 're excited to announce that we finally finalized the amendments to the BVI Water Purchase Agreement . 
These acquisitions bring Quench 's installed rental unit base to over 96000 units as of August 2 , and we continue to work on our robust pipeline of acquisitions with potential to close later this year . 
Is excluded from revenue and adjusted Ebitda if the contract was structured similar to our other water purchase agreements the cash collected would accrue revenue . 
Thanks Lee , we are pleased with our organic performance to date , having achieved strong adjusted Ebitda results through the first half of the year . 
We will then walk you through our financial results in more detail and finally Ill return to provide color on our market outlook for the remainder of 2017 before opening the line for your questions . 
Turning to seven seas water on slide 6 , we had a very productive quarter with plants operating , as expected all plants either met or exceeded production expectations , and the majority experienced increased demand from our customers . 
And an increase at our Trinidad plant due to an increase in volume of water delivered to our customer resulting from the plant expansion completed in 2016 , the increases were partially offset by lower revenues at our BVI operation . 
The revised range for the combination of our adjusted Ebitda plus the cash on the design and construction contract . 
So then the rest of the adjustment - in if you look at the rest of the adjustment for the second half of 17 in our forecast . 
And so we 'll get a little bit of helping wind from those two smaller acquisitions . 
Could be exposed to competition from ACE 910 , this should be expected to happen gradual as the penetration and approval around the world will be gradual . 
Reversal of rebate in first quarter of 16 when you look at the Norditropin numbers , but even with that the second quarter this year . 
The increase in cost reflects higher development costs driven by the Pioneer Program for semaglutide ; this is partly countered by lower costs following the completion of the devote trial . 
And a negative currency impact of four percentage points is now expected . 
Two questions if I can firstly can you explain some of the current dynamics you 're seeing in Medicare Part D . 
It is pretty much in line with the approximately 50 basis point lower , which is a kind of a net effect of the price impact . 
The outlook for operating profit reflects an expected increase in sales and distribution costs in the second half of 2017 compared to the first half . 
Net of revenues from Reimbursables in 2017 principal factors were additional aircraft operations for Amazon . 
We look forward to improved operating and financial performance for all of our businesses in 2019 as they deliver even better service to their customers . 
OK , so you 're committed to the 20 , even if Amazon may not want 17 more . 
Largely due to the ten additional aircraft we leased and improved results from our airlines . 
These non - gaapmeasures are not meant to be a substitute for our gaap financials and we advise you to refer to the reconciliations to gaapmeasures which are included in our earnings release and on our website . 
Plus higher interest and depreciation expense and lower maintenance revenues offset earnings gains from the ten freighters added to the fleet during the year . 
Yes , we 're just trying to figure out if 4 Q was just seasonally strong , or if there was an impact of Omni that 's going to take the margins permanently higher in that segment . 
Okay , so Amazon has flexibility , and you also have flexibility with the 20 purchased from American is that the best way to look at it , yes , that 's a fair statement . 
Any such future warrants after March would be priced at a thirty - trading - day average price based on the date of contractual commitment for leases . 
A lot of runway there for them to be able to exercise calling the options on the 17 to get the additional warrants , so there 's really no definitive time frame on that . 
Before we begin , I want to direct your attention to Slide 3 , which discusses our use of forward - looking statement . 
With this added cash , we are now appropriately resourced to execute on our agreed regulatory requirements and to invest in launch preparation and commercialization to be successful in the competitive HAE market . 
Whereby an oral prophylactic is the patient and physician 's overwhelming choice for living a normal life with Hae disease . 
Yes , I would add Liisa that at the Boston College Allergy College meeting there was a poster from the compact study that . 
Entry criteria which opens up another sizable portion of the population of HAE patients . 
The market is large and growing : 73 53 has the profile patients and doctors have been waiting for and the plan to get to approval is clear and it 's now time to execute we look forward to updating you as we execute our plan . 
From our cash and investment balance at the end of fiscal 2016 , our 2017 public offering resulted in the substantial strengthening of our financial position . 
All patients have completed the 24 weeks and we 've said that we expect that data in the first half of 2019 that has n 't changed . 
And the second , for the treatment of rosacea , Aptar 's ophthalmic squeeze dispenser is also found on two new eye care products in Latin America . 
We 're serving eight different markets with a broad portfolio of dispensing and sealing solutions across many different geographies , our level of project dialogue with our customers across each segment . 
Until recently , how much that was going to - reflects how much spend that was going to be before the end of the year , then secondly it really reflects our cautious guidance in the Q 3 , so I mean as we 've done in the past we 've been pretty good stewards of capital when we see business . 
The facility is in France ; there are 3 - 3 - in the site ; there are three production units , one of which is the one where the fire significantly destroyed . 
And reported growth also reflects a negative translation impact of 2 % coming from changes in foreign currency exchange rates . 
Mega Airless represented approximately 9 % of the sales growth in the beauty market . 
Looking at each market on a constant currency basis , sales to the food market increased 6 % on increased sales to the dairy creamer , sour cream and infant formula categories . 
I think we 've done an excellent job as a company taking a look at our cost controls over the last and this is across all three segments . 
On July 1 , 2000 , and 17 , the closing of the sale will occur shortly after the proceeds of the television spectrum auction are distributed by the FCC , which we expect to occur during our second fiscal quarter . 
And as anticipated , some of this strength will be due to portions of work advancing into Q 3 from Q 4 , with customers trying to get ahead of inflationary prices . 
And then , as I have shared , we see that there 's an 18 - month horizon where we are very strongly focused on our internal initiatives and the impact those are going to have . 
And there is - 1 are food FDA regulations out there that are starting to come into play that people have to - 0 ND are getting to the end of the life cycle where they have to comply with , but then you also have the local fresh food phenomenon . 
In the second quarter , the NCI team maintained a strong focus on managing costs , driving operating efficiency and ensuring commercial discipline . 
And the board and the entire NCI team are excited about the potential this project holds for us . 
We continue to expect our combined buildings and components businesses to track in the range of 2 % to 4 % volume growth . 
These metrics are not meant to replace GAAP measurements , but are provided as supplements to assist the public in their analysis and valuation of our company . 
We also closed the previously announced acquisition of three stations in the fairbanks alaskamarket . 
This approach has paid dividends many times over as lawmakers understand that they can speak directly with their local constituents by talking with our reporters right there in Washington , D . C . 
The Bureau provided nearly 100 local interviews with House and Senate lawmakers delivering our viewers , both previews and reactions , to the President 's first joint address to Congress . 
We also saw and you 're seeing in Q 1 so far what I would describe as a couple of key accounts that are reducing spending or changing spending habits a little bit which are driving our outlook for the quarter . 
Stream CBS content even if it 's not local or am I totally cut off from that ? 
A bunch of deals that repriced on January 1 : We have - 1 we do n 't believe in set deadlines and we will continue to grant extensions if we think the conversations are going in the right way . 
We 're not in the room with them now , so we can only assume as affiliates that the OTT providers that really want something and have not been able to get it from the networks . 
And these stations already are integrating nicely with our Anchorage television station , KTUU , which is the dominant television provider for nearly the entire state of Alaska . 
For some other reasons , mainly that I was doing them , we got - to - we just pushed a lot harder , so I think looking into - 18 you should certainly assume that . 
But there 's nothing that is going to be announced in the next two weeks that 's for sure . 
That I can think of really besides maybe Madonna who has n 't already passed away and it 's sad commentary : I do n 't mean to be cryptic here , but there just are n 't that many celebrities from the 80 s who were celebrities throughout the 90 s throughout the 2000 s still around . 
Joined a small group of 15 other local television reporters for a private dinner at the White House with President Trump and his chief of staff and his press team ahead of his speech to Congress . 
Turning to the guidance for Q 1 and my comments are on a combined historical basis that will incorporate Green Bay , Davenport and Fairbanks as if we had . 
On Q 1 , just wondering if you have a pace number and what your thoughts are on core and local and national for the year . 
Folks who are reported to be interested in or have launched their mobile or their virtual MVPD product directly , I know networks that are also talking with those folks . 
Providers that are coming up that we could see kind of a pattern to what we saw this year , or some - kilometre as you just said some of those might get extended past January 1 and retroactive , so it might not be even keel once we start the year . 
By December 31 we tend not to start all that early we 'd rather have more people go out before us than . 
But we 're working on it is there amechanism that you can see where YouTube or any other of the OTT players can apply pressure to the networks to make them do . 
Between our largest market which under the current DMA is Knoxville and a lot of markets that are a lot larger than what we currently are . 
Closed them on January 1 , there 's a couple of main drivers in the guidance : First of all , we 've made some comments during the quarter that January got off to a slow start . 
Single OTT platform with every single one of our channels because we are not prepared to be giving our signals away or subsidizing . 
Prices are always going to be retroactive to January , one just out of the fact that there are so few people here at Gray . 
And we again are just - minute , we 've got basically two people at the company negotiating most of these big deals and have a lot of other things to do at year - end and beginning of the year . 
We have had a dedicated internal team complemented by external advisors working on a comprehensive approach for the past five months . 
And present our GAAP financials in amatter that closely reflects our actual operations and cash flow Chris will provide more details on this . 
As a reminder we use two non - gaapmeasures to supplement our gaap results and to provide a better view of our operations . 
These two measures are primarily how we internally measure our financial performance . 
It comes in the form of technology overlays that are able to complement the core EHR system and then infrastructure . 
And as a result of these efforts we are excited to launch the new brand in January of 2017 , the second part of our relaunch effort is relisting on one of the major exchanges . 
The first measure we use is gross cash generated from customer contracting activities , which is our reported GAAP revenue plus the change in deferred customer billing . 
And we believe it 's important for investors to look at our results on this non - gaap basis , as well the reason we use these non - gaapmeasures is gaap revenue recognition for a customer contract . 
Over Q 3 of 2000 and 15 we continue to expect strong growth in this business over the next 12 months from an increase in volume driven by industry demand and market share gains . 
In closing , Id like to reiterate the high degree of confidence and visibility we have in the business as we look out over the next four to five years . 
Chris will cover the financials in more detail in a few minutes , but Im pleased to say we are on track to deliver the top line guidance we have provided for 2016 and are making progress towards sustained profitability . 
This renewal demonstrates the important role that accretive plays to provide focused and comprehensive RCM solutions . 
We highlighted on our last call the three engagement models with which we go - to - market these engagement models provide customers a flexible approach to create the required commercial infrastructure they will need to manage their revenue . 
For providers this means a higher revenue yield at a lower cost and improved days in AR . 
To put this in perspective from an employee headcount standpoint , we will have increased the size of the company by 50 % as we exit the year . 
Before I turn the call over to Chris , let me touch a little on our PAS model , which continues to see strong growth . 
And the renewal of our agreement with Intermountain , which resulted in a cat - up contribution in Q 3 before I walk you through the details of the results I would like to remind you that we will be referencing non 's GAAP numbers . 
Meanwhile , our large store in Heathrow , Terminal 3 , is currently being redeveloped and will open in the next few weeks . 
Our aim is to target these stations as the opportunities arise to build ameaningful network of this new format and we 'd expect to open around 50 of these over the course of time . 
And a challenging books market for us this Christmas with no big genre to match the humor book titles or adult coloring books of the previous two years . 
And as you can see on the screen , there 's a picture there of what this looks like in the post office in Leeds now this agency agreement will run for five years . 
And it will be hotly followed by work on an extended large store in Heathrow Terminal 4 : We believe this new format will continue to present new opportunities . 
In addition , we will continue to invest in new stores across all of our channels in Uk and we expect to open between 15 and 20 new stores in the current financial year . 
We 've won seven units in total and we expect them all to open later this year . 
Our strategy of effectively managing our space and assets continues to produce strong cash generation and sustainable profits gross margin was well - managed up 80 basis points in the half . 
And as I keep saying , it is impossible to predict how many tenders will come onto the market each year , but we expect to continue winning between 20 and 30 units in an average year well into the long term . 
Now as usual , we 'll update you on our three - year guidance when we present to you in October , so let 's move on to category performance and Ill start with books . 
The group produced a good performance in the six months period to the end of February . 
And we 'll continue to use the three economic models , all whilst selecting the one that gives us the best outcome for a particular territory or a format . 
The one thing we do have the ability to do is typically get about a 90 - day lock , and so right now we 're again buying smartly and locking for those 90 days when we have the ability to see a . 
Risks and uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual financial and operating results to differ materially from those described in the forward - looking statements are detailed in the company 's filings made with the SEC . 
Personnel that we have in Vegas the long - term relationship that they have in that market and their ability to source great land opportunities , and as you know they 've grown their market share consistently over the last four years so . 
Banning as well , and as I said earlier , the big news is down at Pacific Highlands Ranch , we 're moving into our more westerly planning areas and we 're going to have five new product offerings coming later this year . 
Similar to the last quarter , the 0 - 15 s day booking window remains weak with lower fares compared to the same period last year ; this has been further accentuated by the significant increase in capacity in the market . 
But in the interim we continue to add a lot of international markets that are within range of A320 family airplanes . 
One of the decisions considered in the top four or five cities and how much important is the international expansion with - 9 in this decision . 
As we touched on at the end of Q 1 , we are pleased to have been awarded a contract in Canada 's Arctic regions . 
And several smaller residential projects 2016 revenues were associated with a few small residential projects generated by the acquisition . 
Our outlook related to modular solutions business remains very positive : I appreciate the first half of 2017 has been a challenging period for stakeholders ; we are very optimistic about the next 12 months . 
As well , certain financial measures discussed today are not recognized measures under generally accepted accounting principles or IFRS , and more importantly more information regarding these measures can be found in our public documents . 
Resulting in our second half industrial operations likely remaining similar to that of the first half of 2000 and 17 , a strong First Nations partnering strategy has been the foundation of our company since inception . 
The cautionary statements contained in Yesterday 's news release and in our annual filings again both available on our website and on SEDAR outline various risk factors , assumptions and cautions regarding forwards looking statements or information . 
And Ill come back with the outlook for the rest of 2000 and 17 Scott thanks Rob , Ill walk through our results for the second quarter in aggregate and then briefly comment on each of our major business lines . 
These have been unfortunate delays , but we look at these as modest deferral in terms of timing for many of these projects out of our Q 2 and to the back half of this year . 
Ill compare mainly to Q 2 of 2016 , but will provide a few comments relative to our views for the rest of this year and going forward as well . 
Which we actually launched in spring '18 and that produced really seven key areas for the business to focus on and drive the business forward for growth . 
But the benefit also is we take a photograph in your home so we can ensure whether the van has taken away all the packaging that we 've delivered the care kit if you 've ordered a care kit as well as the furniture and that it looks great in your room and it 's in a one condition . 
Say we 've now got the new hr person we 've got John from a commercial point of view who replaced our previous . 
There 's really two benefits : The first one is we do n 't have that whole logistical and lack of and focus taken away from what we do . 
And they created actually two or three of those , and they have tested which one is going to be the best they 've looked at other areas on the old site so that when they build the new site , it will actually be incorporated into the new site . 
As Chris said , It 's five years ago that we really put our best foot forward in flooring , it was time to do review of this area . 
Ultimately , there will be a final solution to the Zika situation nationwide , and there will be ameaningful upside to our operations regarding supply after a couple of years of outsized growth we now know there 's only one smaller hotel reopening in South Beach . 
We expect this growth to continue into Q 2 and then perform in the low single digits for the balance of the year . 
While the supply of new hotels is increasing downtown , we expect the demand growth will continue that said in Q 1 , we did underperform our expectations . 
Situation with a big impact in 17 : Behind us we have a couple of other things that I ca n 't disclose going on in the portfolio that are positive . 
We - Minus with the disclosure of the North and South meeting halls , we will undertake the renovation of our JW Marriott . 
While the hotel is in great shape , the real issues continues to be the impact of Zika and the absorption of the new beach supply that has entered the market over the last 24 months . 
Accordingly , Q 4 will be the strongest quarter of the year for us with no property renovation disruption . 
I think we 've done the right thing to get us through 'seventeen , I am . 
We would like to remind you that webcast participants can beforehand pose their questions that are to be answered in the QA session . 
On Slide 7 we talk a bit about the company 's financial performance . 
My next question is when you look at your last couple of acquisitions like Moy Park and the Cargill Pork acquisition : Can you just isolating those two can you talk about ? 
Do you feel like this is peak leverage for the company at the current time and what type of leverage target would you have for 2017 given the earnings outlook ? 
There should have been less variability in margins , meaning this 21 % margin a year ago going down to 7 % seemed quite of a wide drop and once again having some pricing power and good brands . 
Thank you , Todd our first quarter results are a reflection of and are consistent with the strong start to the year in all three of our primary markets . 
Also , our internal checks , industry reports and dealer surveys continue to indicate that RV dealer inventory levels are in line with anticipated retail demand . 
Which ramps up in the late first quarter and second quarter and statistics in 2017 are very consistent with those levels in 2016 with the expected retail demand levels . 
Approximately 54 % of our industrial revenue base was directly tied to the residential housing market . 
Initiate and gain traction on to be able to continue to penetrate that space , so we 're very optimistic about what we see on the MH side of the business as it relates to acquisition opportunities those are still in . 
In addition to our ongoing efforts thus far in 2017 to strategically invest in capacity , talent engagement and retention , and certain overhead to support the growing demand and expectations in all three primary markets we serve . 
And the momentum continues to be very strong as RV manufacturers and dealers add capacity where necessary to meet growing demand . 
With growth rates and seasonality consistent with recent years , our objective is to continue to outperform the MH market by capitalizing on our breadth of product and focusing on expansion and acquisition strategies . 
Which began in the second half of 2016 designed to continue to open up capacity in our growing markets and help combat a tight labor market , in particular the Midwest . 
The fold as it relates to our pipeline : We 're continuing to explore opportunities across all three of our primary market sectors , and so again we 're going to continue to evaluate those and stay disciplined to our approach , but . 
I would now like to turn the call over to Todd Cleveland : Thank you Julie Ann and thank you all for joining us on the call today this morning , we 'd like to discuss the company 's first quarter 2017 results and provide an update on the major markets we serve . 
Of eight companies we acquired in 2016 and the focus and dedication of our 5000 s plus team members on ensuring that our customers are always our top priority and are provided the highest level of quality service . 
Overall , our ongoing assessment of both the short - term and long - term opportunities and risks for our business model supports our belief that the RV industry is positioned to grow well above the RVia 's current forecast . 
On the MH side we continue to believe there is significant potential for this market in the long term based on the current upward trend we are experiencing in shipment levels . 
We 'll then conclude by providing an update on our overall business outlook the first quarter of fiscal 2000 and 17 started out strong and right in line with our expectations : We were very pleased with our revenue and profitability growth , which reflected the continued successful execution . 
The first quarter of 2017 continued to outperform with strong retail shows and favorable demographic patterns continuing to drive and support increased production levels . 
And were down slightly by approximately 1 % for the same period , primarily as a result of continued weakness in the Canadian dollar . 
Our capital allocation strategy in 2017 includes continued investment in aligning our facilities with core OEM expansion efforts and ensuring we are well positioned to support the growth in all of our markets . 
We completed and integrated 10 acquisitions which broadened our diversified platform . 
It is quite common for a company to have a filing extension following an auditor transition , though we expect to remain a timely filer by filing within the 15 - day extension period . 
In 2015 we appointed a global chief actuary and added a new chief pricing and new chief reserving actuarial positions . 
Has KPMG completed its work on your reserves ? 
As I mentioned in my remarks : The - the - we sort of have grown up through the it world and are well known in that world , our product 's getting pulled out of it . 
And what was striking in the seventy - some - odd conversations that I had is that in the eyes of the customer serviceNow is addressing a need that the other platforms were n 't really designed to do . 
We can now sell something else and potentially do an HR replacement to begin or a new HR implementation because many times . 
The benefits of scale that allows that kind of focus on a Y 2 K account , which whether it 's not yet a customer . 
I guess the lesson I learned from the consumer internet is eight years ago , there was all this talk about the big platforms potentially competing with one another and if you look at what happened most of them . 
Because customers are asking that , but we 've been hearing that same thing for the last five years quite frankly . 
We 're well known within it and with CIOS , but our platform is being aggressively deployed outside of it to provide real value in areas such as HR security and customer service . 
Is there a lot of heavy lifting , I guess left to do to kind of get you - Incorporated people are already using you outside of it , what do you think has to happen to sort of take that next step to start talking to more line of business heads and CEO types ? 
When I stepped down as CEO of eBay , I had the opportunity to survey the technology landscape and it became clear to me that cloud businesses are disrupting both consumer and enterprise experiences for the better . 
Ive been onboard for a little over three weeks and have had the good fortune of spending that time listening and learning from our customers , partners and employees . 
In dialogues with our customers already , I feel like I can relate to what the Cs suite is looking for from our platform and others . 
January 1 On the disclosure side we will be disclosing quarterly what 's required on the backlog and deferred revenue and then how that backlog is going to roll off into revenue over the next 12 months . 
And believe the timing was right to accelerate the O change while still allowing me the opportunity to help Darren until I retire . 
Including our customers , our employees and the investment community , James 's vision has been instrumental to the evolution of YRC worldwide and I am grateful for his contributions and personal support . 
As the operating officer for the company , the last three months that 's been a focus of mine across all of our companies . 
While YRC Freight reported improved financial results over last year , we are far from satisfied with our overall performance . 
We could see something more in 2 Q is that cautiousness or is there some other item we need to be cognizant of that could impact Q 2 and prevent you from seeing . 
I guess what needs to change whether it 's culturally or cost structure wise , what needs to be accelerated to maybe get that or down , and how quickly can you get there ? 
Or coming off lease we are purchasing those as we are able so you 'll see more purchases in 2018 than we 've done in the recent past . 
Turning to Q 1 , the overall financial results were in line with our expectations and let me reiterate what we said we would do . 
These charges will not impact the company 's cash balance or liquidity and will be excluded from adjusted Ebitda and from operating income . 
That 's the piece that we started addressing in the middle of 2000 and 17 I feel like we have a good handle on it , it 's a continuous improvement process , but it 's also being addressed in all of our contract negotiations . 
Or these tractors that may come on the market here over the next six to nine months is that even being contemplated or is it sort of new and I guess why . 
The eight new distribution centres we discussed last year as part of our latest network enhancement became fully operational in the first quarter of 2018 and are handling freight as designed . 
Thank you operator , Im excited about the opportunity that we have at YRC worldwide and I certainly have a great deal of confidence in our leadership team . 
With growth above 10 % we were exceptionally pleased with this performance , which resulted primarily from improved client demand . 
We were very pleased to see the safety assessment margin above 20 % again and believe that we will continue to drive further improvement . 
We expect 2016 to be amore robust year for revenue growth because of the strength of demand combined with enhanced strategies for partnering with clients . 
Segment operating margins are expected to be driven primarily by amodest improvement in the manufacturing support segment , as well as a slightly higher DSA margin excluding WIL . 
Contributed a net 200 and 30 basis points to the DSA operating margin in the fourth quarter , but because the credits are now subject to tax . 
Due to the planned acquisition of Wil Research and our goal to quickly repay debt , cash flow generation has become an ever - greater focus for us . 
To be able to employ those benefits to the WIL organization as we bring them closer to Charles River so a couple of years to get . 
Will be a key component of revenue growth in 2016 and that our ability to provide a total microbial testing solution to our clients . 
Such as the dedicated integration team , we established in 2015 identifying and hiring the best scientific and operational personnel . 
Organic growth is expected to be driven by improving trends in our RMS and discovery businesses . 
The RMS operating margin is expected to be relatively flat . 
And implementing additional projects to enhance the automation and efficiency of other businesses through it investments . 
We 're not engaging with Wil 's clients because they 're not our clients at the current time ; we have an understanding of who they are , we have kind of some euphemistic understanding of their initial reactions to the deal . 
The successful execution of our strategy to position Charles River as the Early - stage research partner of Choice , a position that we believe will be enhanced by the pending acquisition of WIL Research . 
We are investing a significant amount of time meeting Wil 's management and continue to be very impressed with their scientific expertise , operational capabilities and client focus . 
So that we can lower our leverage to less than three times Ebitda within 18 months of the close . 
You may recall that our safety assessment business in Canada recognizes the majority of its revenue in us dollars . 
The effect of the change is a reduction of operating income and an increase in our non - GAAP tax rate . 
As a result of various important factors , including but not limited to those discussed in our annual report on Form 10 - K , which was filed on February 17 , 2000 and 15 , as well as other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
When including the expected impact from the WIL acquisition , the revenue growth rate on a constant currency basis . 
We had discussed our expectation for a better second half of 2000 and 15 , which was based primarily on the anniversaries of the NCI contract cancellation in the third quarter . 
We continue to identify opportunities to streamline our RMS operations , particularly through the automation of manual processes and implementation of systems to improve data availability and accuracy . 
Will compress our margin expansion in 2000 and 16 , but we are confident that we will be able to leverage our growth and enhanced infrastructure to drive greater margin expansion over the longer term . 
The combination of these factors is expected to result in first quarter non - gaap EPs approximately 10 % below the fourth quarter . 
That line double in size against a revenue base that 's only gone upmaybe 50 % and Im wondering - 10 and I know you 're in an investment phase here , but . 
We believe that these non - GAAP financial measures help investors to gain ameaningful understanding of our core operating results and future prospects consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the company 's performance . 
We believe that we have established a sophisticated and disciplined integration process , leveraging dedicated staff and improving upon and learning from prior acquisitions , especially Wil . 
Extending the maturity date three years beyond the credit facilities and providing additional capacity to support our acquisition strategy . 
Assumes sequential expansion of our operating margin in the manufacturing and DSA segments . 
We will provide further details on MPI shortly , but let me begin by giving you the highlights of our first quarter performance . 
GEMS continues to benefit from our clients use of Crispr and other technologies to create genetically modified models faster and more cost - effectively . 
We also increased our reported revenue growth guidance by 200 basis points to reflect amore favorable benefit from foreign exchange . 
Including inbred models for genetic modification and immunodeficient models for oncology research and innovative technologies like Crispr as critical tools to more narrowly target . 
This year we are focused on the integration of MPI and the continued execution of our strategy . 
Id like to provide you with details on the first quarter segment performance beginning with the RMS segment . 
We believe that our focus on optimizing our infrastructure will help us improve the operating margin over the long term and maintain it in the high - 20 % range . 
In addition to the lower tax rate , we also expect a small incremental EPS benefit from foreign exchange . 
The foreign exchange benefit for the year creates ameaningful headwind to the DSA operating margin . 
These measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP , a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure . 
This was evident this quarter in several ways : Firstly , since our portfolio consists primarily of adjustable rate loans , our gross yield increased in all three of our small balance commercial business lines . 
This underscores our premise that the SBC market is earlier in the credit cycle and more correlated to the strong housing market . 
Slide 9 summarizes our residential mortgage business : Our strategy has been to retain the servicing rights on loans sold , which increase in value in a rising rate environment . 
I know the SBA product is also protected as you guys just mentioned and that 's very unique to your platform , but it seems like Fannie would be a very natural fit and extension for you guys . 
We have n 't committed to that certainly that would be great if we could do that , but our goal is to get it over 10 % certainly by the end of the year . 
Therefore you should exercise caution in interpreting and relying on them we refer you to our SEC filings for more detailed discussion of the risks that could impact our future operating results and financial condition . 
We were able to leverage the skills of our GMFs , the residential business that stand in that area to help underwrite and . 
The sale of the segment FRP is something that we actually consider as well as the preparation for our further growth ideas that we have it will focus the management . 
We have two effects : We have the one effect that we have stockpiled a couple of anodes here and there because we had some smaller maintenance issues . 
Looking ahead , raw material availability will remain sound through large carryover stocks from the record 2017 crop and very positive new season crop expectations . 
Whilst we expect the competitive environment to remain the additional KZN baking capacity that was successfully commissioned in December . 
So far , the impact of the latter two is being negligible and we are optimistic that the formal will yield margin relief in the second half . 
The investment in 2000 and 17 was exceptionally low because of the major deflation in soft commodities during that period as well as imports . 
Between the time that you 'd experience from order to delivery market as well as redistribution to shelf and tabletop create some challenges because the ZAR moves relative to the foreign currencies quite significantly . 
It 's also pleasing to note that the strong global demand for SA vine fruit continues . 
Availability of wheat in the long term or the medium term to be sufficient , so we always tried on the import parity mechanism we 've rationalized our wheat milling footprint to five mills which we operate now . 
That we shared with you in the past that said the share of most power brands improved in the context of growing categories within the defined channel Sasko bread and Spekko rice being the exceptions . 
Unfortunately markets like DRC and Zimbabwe continue to be a drag on the portfolio given the prevailing macro conditions . 
And this has been exacerbated by the competition for the SA vine crop . 
More than half of customer care interactions and 26 % of commercial transactions were done through digital channels together with . 
Year - to - date : In the first six months you lost about 200000 it looks like there 's an increase happening in your consumer line loss , I was wondering if you could maybe give a little bit of color on what 's going on , there is it just the pickup in competitive intensity we 've seen this year . 
With an average maturity of bonds longer than seven years . 
Since the first quarter of 2017 we provide you with the figures in terms of watching how convergence is delivering . 
I still think that it will not be as sustainable for - minute in the long term for four players to be in the French market . 
It seems to me like the government and the public authorities are a little bit worried that 5 G deployment might not go as quickly as they would hope probably . 
Our strategy based on differentiation for quality and premium services is bearing fruits , as the premium mix is improving by three points year - 1 - year . 
The New Deal is a commitment of four telecom players on the French market to accelerate . 
This presentation will be posted on our website and includes an appendix with footnotes and the reconciliations of Gaap to adjusted numbers ; please also refer to tables included in our earnings press release for a reconciliation of Gaap to the adjusted numbers that we will be discussing . 
The expected transition of the catamaran business at the end of 2015 and into 2016 , of which the primary services provided , were formulary management . 
Ill now turn it over to George for his comments : Thank you Tim , this is my last earnings call as Chairman and CEO and . 
Patient cost compared to what the ideal would be and we hold ourselves to a very high standard on both of those and we see that as a significant differentiator and a significant opportunity for the next three to five years . 
In 18 years we 've had dozens of earnings calls , hundreds of investor conferences , and thousands of meetings with you . 
Where we looked at their 8000 diabetes , patients and 4000 of those patients were not on an ace or an ARB despite being at the age where they should be . 
Those two which were a result of acquisitions , not a result of losing a client per se . 
In any forward - looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in the company 's most recent form , Ten - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
So from that standpoint I would not read through the - 6 what has been a sequencing of Ebitda that Ive seen for most of my 18 years in this business anything different as it relates to that in our first quarter results . 
Is that in fact there are a lot of clients that have always believed in mail that continue to believe in mail that are working with us to support mail and increasingly we 're seeing health plans move that direction and so we 've had several large health plans in the last six months . 
Literally almost zero folks go the other way and step out of it , and we continue to have plans come into it ; we increasingly also are seeing health plans looking to potentially clone it . 
A , where we 've seen over the last six months or so a bunch of interesting assets trade in specialty space . 
Could you maybe speak to the quality of the new client opportunities for this year because the past say 12 to 18 months or so has had a fair share of unique circumstances that ? 
And so the question is how much worse would that be if you did n 't have an independent PBM , and I think what actually - - our mission is not to be constrained by any other . 
Millions of changes that come into that all get initiated on January 1 Our call centre people have to be prepared for that our account management teams have to work with our clients on it . 
And that could have been worth billions of dollars , and so when you put those two together , we think we 've been more than fair in offering a very good . 
For example , during a recent storm that caused hundreds of flight cancellations , one of our customers used this technology to determine a crew recovery four times faster than current industry benchmarks . 
And the anniversary of the expiration of the service contract we previously discussed at the beginning of Q 4 last year . 
We 're actually doing a little bit better this year than what we expected , so we 're in between that 40 % and 42 % , but again we expect it to be closer in the medium term . 
Throughout today 's call , we will be presenting certain non - GAAP financial measures which have been adjusted to exclude expenses and other gains or losses related to restructuring - to restructurings , litigation and tax matters , and certain other items . 
In travel network with the anniversary of the acquisition of our Asia Pacific business on July , one revenue and bookings growth over the balance of the year will return to normalized growth rates reflecting our global footprint . 
We will continue to improve our cost position and I am very pleased that we achieved underlying margin improvement in this quarter as well as 2000 and 16 in total and we will continue . 
Delivering better results , Ebit - wise in Orkla care , this time you 're well below , and you have even had to spend more advertising money . 
In 2000 and 16 we have closed down six factories and started the process of closing down another eight and we believe that Capex levels will remain . 
Try to predict these effects as you know , and I do n 't guide on that , but it 's a fact of the matter that in theory there are more selling days in Q 1 this year . 
Popcorn in three different tastes and popcorn are naturally high on fiber and is probably the most healthy snack you can eat . 
As well as a few sort of smaller ones arm in Boston and a few other things , so we 'll be very active in the next . 
With whom we 're working on on some of the Crispr activities that we 're doing so , we look forward to a very full day and an informative day tomorrow here in New York . 
What 's interesting to actually note about it is that there 's been an uptick in the number of diagnoses in the past two years I think because more clinicians are becoming more familiar with these diseases . 
Data package : No other program in the world has been able to show any form of combination of reductions of gags in the CSF reductions of . 
In Riio - 2 , one of the aspects highlighted in the framework is the requirement of each company to develop customer engagement groups . 
Which is somewhat new we had already put that into our plans for Riio - ed , one which I think helped justify . 
While RAV growth and recovery would be lower over the longer term , another important point Ofgem confirmed last week was the use of economic asset life . 
We are custom to at PPL , these achievements across our utilities reflect our ongoing commitment to operational excellence and our strategy for growth and success . 
A reduction from the 8 - year period we 're currently in for Riio - 1 while we certainly prefer the stability and benefits to customers . 
Going through H 1 , both of these will flip once our investment program has been completed . 
You may remember this time around January last year , I talked about Uk returns going down for the first time that I could remember . 
So that 's how we sequence the plan now , what I also said to you is once we 've broken the back of the EuroHub , which the mission was to land the EuroHub , and from zero to that is the most intense the rest of it is easy . 
So , as with all algorithm driven engines , we 'll continue to refine that as you put the output back into the import and it refines going forward , so that 's an important step in our new retail systems using ai to guide our clearance activity . 
In retail anyway , I think we should get faster to help our suppliers , particularly ASOS design and own brand , but we just need to bed in what we 've done and we 'll get better from here . 
And then dial up the dm that 's normally the fastest way to destroy customer confidence and the fastest way to destroy value at the same time , so I think we 've actually sequenced it in that way . 
The rates quoted are : For days currently contracted , the actual rates to be earned in the first quarter 2000 and 19 will therefore depend on the number of additional days that we can contract . 
Not only no dividend paid for the fourth quarter , but really no mention of strategy for 2019 other than saying . 
The reports that the company files or furnishes with the SEC corporate governance information and select press releases and social media postings . 
We also took substantive actions on our simplify and streamline initiative during Q 1 ; we increased focus on our rest of the world segment and exited our shopping businesses in Japan and Brazil two of our top ten countries . 
Mobile remains our focus , with nearly 60 % of transactions completed on our mobile platforms . 
In the first quarter , strong operating fundamentals were the largest contributor to our revenue and adjusted Ebitda performance . 
Billings and gross profit declined on an absolute dollars basis ; our decision to close countries and fx were significant contributors . 
Earlier this month we exited Russia through a divestiture of the business , bringing our country total to 27 we are also continuing to invest in building centralized deal factory operations and improve capabilities in customer service . 
We believe that our new cohorts are in a good place , as we think about ROI , the gross profit dollars generated by the new cohorts are consistent with the historical cohort performance and within the Twelvei to 18 s month payback . 
Finally , let me touch on our efforts to improve the Groupon customer experience , we added this as one of our strategic priorities in 2016 because it is amassive opportunity area . 
There 's much more to do here , but the team is hard at work and the progress we 've made in our other strategic priorities gives us the opportunity to expand our customer experience efforts throughout the balance of 2000 and 16 coming out of the first quarter . 
That we originally discussed in Q 3 , we will continue to monitor and report on our progress . 
Adjusting for changes like our increased marketing spend and cash payments under our restructuring program , including cash used to fund country exits our Q 1 free cash flow fits within our historical range . 
As always , our overall guidance reflects current FX rates , and our results may be materially affected by various factors , including a high level of uncertainty surrounding the global economy and consumer spending , as well as exchange rate fluctuation . 
Change has been a constant at Groupon and I would argue that over the past five months we 've changed more and faster than at any time in my nearly five years at this company . 
We added one million incremental new customers as our spending mix shifted to acquisition from our historical transactional tactics . 
We 've covered a lot of ground , yet we remain in the early days across all four of our strategic initiatives . 
And Im just curious how that would compare to sites that have yet to be reimaged , I think the 2 % is a really good number that 's what we see inside outside . 
And with this minimum - 1 I mean having to pay minimum wage and overtime to a hundred percent commissioned salesPeople it 's just an odd thing for me and we decided we just had to come up with . 
As a result , we expect more stable growth rates in fiscal '17 if we look at our performance by developed and emerging markets , we see a consistent performance with both growing net sales 3 % this year . 
This was attributable to the weakness in Nigeria , Brazil , and the export channel in West Lac as I discussed earlier . 
Should have a positive operating profit impact in fiscal '17 , thereby increasing Ebitda both of these factors should play towards improving our leverage ratio . 
Distill Ventures is our brand incubator , it has already made 10 investments , of which the most recent is our investment in Seedlip , this is as the entrepreneur behind the brand says . 
Our results in fiscal 'sixteen were a good set of results and they delivered on our specific goals for the year and we gained ground against our performance ambition . 
To support this in the last three years we 've put new leaders in over half of our topmanagement positions . 
Ivan will talk more about our outlook for us spirits in fiscal 17 later . 
In Latin America and Caribbean net sales were up about 1 % , with a weaker second half due to the unwind of advanced purchasing in the first half ahead of the December duty increase in Brazil . 
Right now our leverage ratio is squarely within the 2 . 5 x to 3 times range ; we target as a result we are not yet in a position of having excess capital to deploy . 
And I would expect to deliver further progress against these measures in fiscal 'seventeen in addition to continuing to execute our strategy . 
And as a global manufacturer we are committed to protecting the environment earlier this month we announced a five - year international partnership with Water Aid . 
And over the next five years I am confident this will unlock greater growth . 
The solution to the problem of what to drink when you are not drinking nonalcoholic , it has two variants designed to be drunk . 
It will be delivered in five areas : The first pillar is net revenue management , we believe we can access significant value in headline pricing , the effectiveness of our trade investment and promotional spend . 
In fiscal '17 , we 're transforming the program again to ensure it remains at the cutting edge of marketing , thinking and building in the latest technology around measurement and evaluation . 
In addition to delivering our goals in fiscal '16 , we also returned our global giants to growth and achieved a significant improvement in the performance of our Scotch and Beer portfolios . 
What Id like to focus on now is the deep dive into the drivers of the 3 % improvement in organic net sales growth versus last year , with all of our regions delivering improvement . 
I would expect other finance charges to increase next year with higher pension costs and the recognition of the increase in value of Zacapa our adjusted net debttoda ratio . 
Please let me share with you : How we see foreign exchange impacting our fiscal '17 results . 
We have a few points of emphasis in fiscal 'seventeen growing our Scotch business . 
We 've worked with them for over the last 15 years , so we know that our longer - term commitment can make an even bigger difference to communities where water is a scarce resource . 
Up 10 % for fiscal '17 , our strategy for Johnnie Walker is to recruit consumers through four pillars consistently and beautifully executed . 
You may not have heard about third space , but Im sure you 've been there those consumer occasions which are not in traditional on - trade or at - home occasions . 
And expected to grow double digit third space does present logistical challenges , but we intend to lead here ensuring our brands take full advantage of this cultural phenomenon . 
And this focus is set to continue from fiscal '17 : We will increase efficiency as agency costs and point - of sale spend will be managed through global procurement . 
Fiscal 'seventeen our fiscal 'sixteen performance came from strong execution ; it is the result of the changes we made the consumer is at the heart of our business . 
The return to volume growth in fiscal '16 was a key driver fueling our top line with improved volume growth in all regions and a significant turnaround in us spirits . 
Smirnoff is up 2 % : We are continuing to focus on recruiting millennial consumers through the brand 's inclusivity message , positioning the brand at the right price and providing standout packaging . 
Turning to category performance , Scotch improved significantly , moving from a 5 % decline last year to a bit better than flat this year . 
The cost of restructuring changes were offset by savings from our January 2014 Global Efficiency Program and increased gains from land sales this year . 
There are still a few variables around exchange in fiscal '17 which could affect this forecast . 
And we intend to make it even stronger , so let me now cover the three areas where we will dial up focus to drive further improvement in fiscal '17 starting with Scotch . 
So in fiscal 'seventeen we will invest more behind these growth drivers with a digitally led plan to drive even more brand awareness . 
This is an exciting innovation potentially creating a new category , and we are there from the start route to consumer has been an area of major focus for three years , but it 's still an area of opportunity . 
On the development of a new collaborative design methodology such as the Extremo platform , which will materially change the way we manage our projects . 
The remaining seven topside models and jacket are planned to be removed . 
I want to thank everyone at ERA for their diligence and achieving our objective of zero ERA accidents in Q 1 2016 extending the clean sheet . 
From a strategic standpoint we did note the preference to build liquidity during Q 1 given the uncertainty around the ultimate . 
In response to this accident , each of the Norwegian and Uk civil aviation authorities . 
Turning briefly to the highlights of Era 's Q 1 results , I am pleased to report that despite the challenging conditions in the oil and gas industry . 
As well as poor weather conditions and poor hours of daylight which impact oil and gas operations , Q 1 of this year was no different . 
We continue to believe that 2016 will be an even more difficult year than 2015 ; we remain focused on maintaining the best safety standards maximizing the utilization of our helicopter fleet . 
So the market actually comes down 14 % , but if you look at the purchase market , it goes up . 
We hope that the information was helpful in gaining an appreciation for our unique and differentiated position in the market and the value that that brings to our clients , CBIZ also celebrated our 20 th anniversary in August . 
As a reminder , most of these engagements are multiyear in nature and are periodically renewed through a formal RFP process ; our success rate in winning RFPS continues to be very high . 
Within our retirement plan services business we benefited in 2015 from a number of large projects in our actuarial business . 
And there are a number of other areas within each of the core businesses , including the combination as I alluded to earlier of the payroll and the benefits , and the technology what we call ESO on employee benefits side we see . 
What is the level of optimism and I will tell you that there is a higher level of optimism today than there certainly was a year ago or two years ago at this point . 
And although not materially impacting revenue in 2016 , we are encouraged by the early reception that we 're receiving from our clients . 
Compared with 85 days a year ago with our seasonal billing and collection cycle . 
A reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures can be found in the financial tables of today 's Press release . 
The pretax margin contribution from this business has also improved by 50 basis points this year and we are pleased to report that the growth continues to come from both our government health care consulting business and our core accounting business . 
When we go to market by combining our payroll , our benefits and our HR technology services into an integrated service offering to our clients . 
We are achieving a slightly lower effective tax rate for state income taxes this year , and we continue to expect an effective rate of approximately 40 % for the full year this year . 
Many of the listeners on Today 's Call participated in the analyst day that we held on the - 10 held at the New York Stock Exchange on September 13 , in addition to the high - level overview of the company that we often provide in our investor meetings . 
To Oh25 it will be a significant move , but we consider that it is one of the rules of insurance company and in general of investors . 
The first group of hotels using this new revenue management tool is showing a 260 - basis point increase in Revpar index compared with hotels not yet on the system . 
The effect of these two transactions is now included in our updated interest expense guidance . 
The reconciliation of these measures to GAAP is provided in the tables to the press release . 
Of 2016 , so now let 's take a look at the performance of each of our business units . 
Down at WVO as well as to a degree the opening of the new sales offices some of our sales offices . 
And that number also includes a 20 % increase in domestic new construction activity with the concentration in our higher end brands . 
We 're reiterating total company as well as business unit revenue adjusted Ebitda and driver guidance , although our current view is that Revpar will be at the low end of our guidance range . 
Can you just talk about what your plans are for that over the next 12 months in terms of say exiting rooms from the system and what we can reasonably expect ? 
Strong performance at our two owned hotels and cost containment measures more than offset weaker global revpar ; these factors also led to a higher margin for the quarter . 
And the respect of this industry and I think it 's improved dramatically if you followed this industry 15 years ago and you look at it now . 
My explanation follows the presentation materials entitled Results for the 9 months ended December 2000 and 15 , which is shown in the center of the viewing screen please turn to page 2 of the materials . 
I would like to highlight two main points first , although performance in the non - resource field was firm , lower market prices on resource commodities led to a decline in the resource field . 
But continues to grow nicely not only through our banking customers , but through partnerships that we do through EPs and we 've talked about some of those in the past . 
I mentioned that 19 customers signed with us today that were never on the old platform , so it 's not that we 'll be migrating them . 
It 's - 10 th it was just a really good quarter , it was a nice mix of the three buckets of . 
And then of those ten are those competitive takeaways or are those banks that are looking to grow and want to establish a commercial banking . 
I did yesterday for the first time , see a survey that some bankers were starting to get a little bit concerned about - 10 as they look into calendar 2020 starting to get concerned about the . 
Through signing customers because they like the functionality that we have particularly with the PSCU technology laying over the top so . 
Maybe looking at partnerships and building that ecosystem out more so than you would 've thought a year ago or 18 months ago , or do you feel like anything your customers are looking for if you ca n 't find a way to acquire it , you 've got the bandwidth and the resources to develop it internally . 
About a 10 % and that was just through normal attrition and we just did n 't add any of those people obviously if they have a key position . 
That slide as it relates to the growth in revenue per employee and how we 've driven operating margins up very steadily over the last five years . 
We 're in the mix , we 're constantly looking for them and we get phone calls from time to time to focus on very , very large transactions , but we did not have a large transaction in Q 1 as it relates to the confidence on Fannie coming back into the market . 
As it relates to the rest of 2000 and 18 , we have already seen Fannie Mae come back into the market and it is our clear expectation that Fannie will capture its historic market share of total multifamily lending this year . 
The JCR acquisition now gives us a platform that combines our access to deal flow with sources of capital looking to invest . 
We expressly disclaim any obligation to do so more detailed information about risk factors can be found in our annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC : I will now turn the call over to Willy . 
Do you have any color you could provide on what percentage of adjusted Ebitda comes from servicing is it well more than half considering the size and duration of the servicing portfolio ? 
Just look at their track record , they 've got huge amounts of dry powder , they 've got the ability to deploy massive amounts of capital and we 've been their largest partner for four of the last six years . 
That has 40 qualified bidders , which is amuch broader investor base than either of the past two years . 
We made significant progress towards achieving these two goals with the recent acquisition of JCR Capital and the hiring of a fantastic team of investment sales professionals . 
What JCR allows us to do is to focus on providing that type of capital to the rest of the market . 
Thank you , Id like to welcome everyone on the call today , the news release announcing Capstone 's 2018 third quarter financial results . 
For further information on these risks and uncertainties , please see Capstone 's relevant filings on Sedar : Finally , Ill just note that all amounts we will discuss today will be in us dollars unless otherwise specified . 
At Deutsche Bank we 're undertaking as much restructuring as possible in 2016 despite the burden of lost revenues and added expense in the year . 
We did fail to come through the CCAR process for our small trust bank successfully . 
Which will be published late Friday for the largest 51 banks in Europe and on Deutsche Bank 's funding profile . 
Which will have a positive RWA impact in Q 3 losses in the quarter includes specific valuation impacts related to these transactions . 
Wealth management revenues were down 12 % versus an exceptionally strong second quarter '15 driven by a bit difficult market environment with lower client activity . 
The revenues benefited from the IPO of Red Rock Resorts : We also got approval from the Port Authority for the sale of the Maher terminal during the quarter . 
Because you run parallel with the people that you bring into the inside and it takes three to four months until you actually release people on the outside and if you add all that up . 
Kindly like to refer people to rather than us speculating on what Ecb Eba are going to do . 
With an agreement on job cuts that affects approximately 3000 staff members and enables us to announce our branch closure program . 
Our renewed emphasis on the consumer finance market in Germany to boost margins and reduce our concentration on mortgages led to a 5 % growth in new customer volumes . 
In Ncou we continue to liquidate positions even though the environment was not always conducive to doing so . 
We expect to continue for several quarters to come with our ongoing enhancements to our KYC processes and with expanding our orders in compliance functions . 
Even though we face a slight delay compared to our initial time plan , we 're still highly confident to close the deal in the second half of 2000 and 16 after maximum three - month approval period . 
Looking into adjusted costs in more detail on page 7 , you 'll see four main categories with the following movements at constant fx rates . 
Investment and insurance revenues as well as deposit income were down ; credit products showed a solid growth of 6 % driven by higher volumes . 
Yes , so I mean that is more - minute , so what I just said is more really in relation to how we manage 2000 and 16 to make sure that . 
Revenues declined by 12 % in a challenging market ; this resulted from lower revenues in our corporate finance business , with revenues from transaction banking being almost flat . 
We are already making plans to collapse the noncore unit at year - end and migrate any residual RWA back into the core bank . 
I was wondering if at this point given that it 's all being set up you could update us as to what is the capital position of the whole IHC today what is the total average exposure . 
Potential IPO : Your optionality around that and what you think . 
Well stay tuned and Ill update you on our arc customer and usage metrics as well as a number of important milestones that bear evidence that arc is gaining traction and indeed has the potential to drive very significant growth for the company . 
In one case we completed the implementation of a large supplier on an ERP that we had integrated to before in under four weeks . 
The 1 i mentioned Sihl was on Sage X 3 is the name of their ERP we have to build those connectors we 've gotten good at that , so the fact that we could get a company like Sihl up and running actually live with customers in just under eight weeks and do a connector . 
Provide us with an invoice number and an invoice amount to kind of authenticate themselves that they can get invoices or they are getting invoices from the supplier and then sign up to start working on arc so that 's one example . 
All right so now Im going to turn my attention to ARC and take a few minutes to outline the progress we 've been making in the solutions business . 
In another case , Sihl , the manufacturer that we announced recently : We were able to get them live in eight weeks and this on Sage X 3 , an ERP system that was new to us . 
That articulate the variety of benefit to the end customer and by doing inserts and onserts with their own paper invoices to give end customers the opportunity to come to the supplier 's website and sign up for arc in a couple of simple steps . 
There are over 75 qualified opportunities currently being worked on by sales , more than half of which could close in the next 1 - 2 / 4 . 
Speaks to the fact that we can do these projects quickly clearly whenever we build a connector , we want to leverage that and win more customers on that connector because then we 're talking about four weeks and maybe even less than four weeks to get them live . 
This adjustment had the effect of distorting our revenues , gross profit margins , and Ebitda so during my discussion I will try to discuss key results with and without the chase rebate . 
The past three months we 've combined a couple of related companies that were in our supplier account , and we did have two companies drop off our list , so as a net result we 've seen an increase of five new suppliers over the period . 
We 're also seeing a general increase in the size of the opportunities in the pipeline of our first 25 suppliers , we have several that measure their monthly invoice volumes in the hundreds . 
The other half on longer sales cycles based on indications from the prospects the former represent about 2 . 4 million invoices per month in new volume . 
Another is an ERP vendor , a vendor to some of our existing ARC customers . 
You 're working on , but are you - Minute can you give us an idea of what kind of level of serious negotiation of that 75 that are quite advanced ? 
They can market to their customers quite effortlessly within ARC to convince or to encourage their customers to sign up ; we 're also talking about doing call center - oriented call - down campaigns to the customers that have n 't signed . 
A generally weak Canadian economy , a strong us dollar , and a very warm weather last winter that significantly impacted our ski resort operators who are key customers of ours in the wintertime . 
When we approached them about establishing a referral arrangement to reach many more of their customers not only were they interested , they have since signed up to use arc themselves , that is , they will use arc to invoice those very same customers we 'll be selling to . 
Yes , certainly , and so there 's three different discussions , we 're having right now and we 're going to be starting up a few more discussions with banks as well because we 're seeing a lot of interest . 
Building a lot of results from Banks in certainly the first half of 2016 , but we 're going to work hard on signing at least one deal . 
What we 'll be doing is putting - is in a run of invoices , putting an insert in the envelope kind of amarketing slick that tells them about arc . 
Will be positive but not material mainly in our decision division . 
Looking at the regional bank 's balance sheet on slide 7 , you can see the strong growth in multiple areas of our commercial portfolios . 
Along with that from GE Capital and feel very good about the prospects of that business as we look into . 
You 'll hear more from BJ as we talk about expenses , but expense control and creating operating leverage is still going to be a primary focus of what we 're doing . 
Wrapping up on slides 12 and 13 , I think we 're pleased with both the strong quarter we had and the positive momentum we still see in our businesses from a bonefish perspective we ticked off a lot of improvement boxes . 
Im sorry if I missed it , what was the reason why we did n 't see more expense leverage at FTN this quarter ? 
The third quarter we saw very good revenues trends in the first two months of the quarter , they moderated some in September . 
Commercial real estate growth was largely driven by the funding up of prior commitments , yet we remain active in the broader CRE market . 
Integrating very , very well into our culture and our organization and are very happy to be here and we 're happy to have them , so ten people a couple million dollars to support . 
I think we 're starting to see what Bryan talked about in terms of cre trends emerging right now , and we 've had several examples of that occurring . 
Particularly as it allows us to generate relatively consistent Ebitda despite the significant drop in commodity prices and industry activity . 
In addition , the highly competitive and weak short - term rental market was particularly challenging and had a significant negative impact on Canada 's Ebit in the fourth quarter . 
Pretty well through 'fifteen on the parts side where we saw some weakness was on the construction side and when I talked about people not running to the year - end there was . 
And capital efficiencies and we are confident in the resiliency of our business model which will support our Ebitda and strong free cash flow conversion going forward . 
Most recently we were selected to supply equipment and services for the Site C project in B . C . This is a considerable win that includes 50 articulated trucks and 35 off 's highway trucks scheduled for delivery beginning in the first half of this year . 
Our goal is to climb back to 6 % to 7 % Ebit margin as we continue to manage through weak and uncertain market conditions and transform the Canadian business for sustainable profitability in the long term . 
Your product support was down 7 % as reported against this somewhat difficult prior year comparable , so Im just curious how you interpret the performance of that business in the quarter . 
As a result , we came into 2000 and 15 with a solid financial position and clear priorities underscored by cost and capital discipline . 
And we began reshaping our facility network , which will effectively translate to a 20 % reduction of our footprint while leveraging field service delivery to get closer to our customers . 
As Scott mentioned , our track record of generating relatively consistent Ebitda throughout the economic cycles speaks to the resiliency of our business model . 
I think the benefit we have here is the alignment with cat and finning we are fighting tooth and nail to make sure we . 
So you were talking about 020 and you were talking about advertisements , but that 's an area of your strength from the past , so for financial services and its monetization as you strive to make progress , I think there 's a lot of still missing pieces . 
And we are growing in these kpis and what will be generated through the enhancement of these three kpis it is written on the top half . 
Regarding PayPay and the way , users are increasing what is the image of growth so you - 6 million . 
In April I believe it was the seventh we showed it to our employees and we shared it together and it was a way of encouraging our people to change with speed . 
So thinking about the policies and based on our policies we need to create an environment - Minute , we created an environment back in 2018 so that we could . 
And in 2019 we should try to leverage on that lessons learned so that we will be able to revamp our growth . 
Out of the six million users , I think so far should we think that most of them are active users and with the campaigns in place are you expecting to gradually increase your userbase . 
So various pieces of data acquisition is what we are trying to do , we 're working hard to do so , and we 're trying to look at a variety of options : Ozawa ' san , do you have anything to say , are you talking about pos data , for example ? 
Pursue growth so in earnest in fiscal 2019 , the future vision of Yahoo is something we would like to achieve and realized . 
Engineering and development increased 76 % for the full year due to the same factors . 
But also making sure we 're getting our fair share in SMB because we are seeing attractive economics there . 
We 're pretty far along in that and especially as we continue to invest in the 1 v platform . 
Looking statements based on the business environment as we currently see it , and as such does include certain risks and uncertainties , please refer to our press release and our SEC filings . 
As noted in our earnings release , we have posted supplemental financial information on the IR portion of our website . 
The sophistication of our analytics and the extensive experience of our team , which spans over 12 years , has allowed us to effectively manage credit quality through product launches . 
In Uk we continue to demonstrate our ability to grow a profitable business . 
For example , we could achieve the high end of our revenue guidance range while following in the low end of the adjusted Ebitda range during a period of high growth with a high proportion of new customers . 
The decline in the international gross profit margin was driven by the impact of the discontinued UK line of credit product . 
In addition to the GAAP reporting , we report certain financial measures that do not conform to generally accepted accounting principles . 
We discussed this in detail on our last earnings call during Q 3 : We made the decision to maintain strong short - term profitability in the face of heavy demand from new customers . 
The discontinued UK line of credit product and the impact of the exchange rate for the British pound following the Brexit vote . 
As we entered Q 4 we had to then get the growth engine back going and it 's not a switch you can just . 
Im starting on slide 3 , we 're very pleased that encorafenib and binimetinib new drug applications and marketing authorization applications . 
Compared to the control arm , secondary endpoints include an OS comparison of the doublet to the control arm and the triplet to the doublet the study includes a thirty 's patient safety lead - in to . 
And the presence of a Ras mutation who have received at least one prior line of therapy and no more than two prior lines of therapy and the trial contains a phase Ib study to determine the maximum tolerated dose . 
Is likely to do we had a phase II result that went all the way to OS with the doublet , and so that 's going to be helpful in order to assess the ultimate . 
Moving towards the premium end of the sectors in which we trade systematically raising the quality of amenity right across our portfolio and getting on to that sixa to seven 's year cycle of investment that Tim talked about . 
Ignite 2 is a huge program of work and I realize Im asking a lot of my team to do this on top of their job , but in a funny sort of way I feel it 's energized the business and it 's given people a vision and a purpose . 
Some of those work streams Ive already started to see some of their initiatives land in the business and rally to start accruing , whereas others are far longer term and may well require net investment this year , but will pay back from fy '20 and beyond so , for example . 
Trustee to start using CPI to index pensions for those people . 
And in many ways , Ignite 2 ensures that we can move apace while we do this and finally driving an innovation agenda which is about making the technology in the business . 
During half two of last year we also did a lot of work on our menus ensuring , for example , that we do n 't carry too many orphan products ; those are products that only appear in one or two dishes . 
In exchange for 8 million shares of common stock as well as convertible preferred stock that if converted in full would equate to another 42 million shares of common stock . 
So Id like to provide a recap of the overall deal with Spi to put this into context . 
The rationale for the company sending the notice is simply that the supply agreement is a vital part of the overall deal and an essential prerequisite for the other two components to be realized . 
I think we 've seen over the last 12 months a pickup of . 
As we discussed during last quarter 's conference , call on two of the five projects . 
Im sure many of you have questions about our business situation with Spi , so Ill take a few minutes to address this topic . 
First , the companies agreed to a supply agreement for 40 MW of energy storage projects . 
A failure to execute the 40 - megawatt supply agreement in four years results in the warrants going away . 
Both have kicked in KLA certainly is a bigger portion since we started that agreement middle of last year and Nordson is a very recent agreement that just started . 
How much of the general purpose 3 D scanning market is going to be available to us and it 's really too early for us to . 
Was driven by robust demand for new 3 D inspection systems and sensors . 
That is a fair thing to say yes , we just - i mean as I said Kla started just a little more than a year ago and Nordson is just a couple of months old agreement right now . 
Again , there are different - i would rather not go and quantify the oem numbers because there 's very high sensitivity on . 
Chairman and CEO position : I think the board will . 
In the first quarter of 2016 we identified two events that resulted in material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting and the ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures . 
Those who have participated in our quarterly calls over the last 18 months have heard me describe the Algeco group as a good business with great people . 
Can You Guys Tell Me What 2017 Adjusted : Ebitda was on a pro forma basis had you had those acquisitions in there since the beginning of the year ? 
I have no doubt the journey we embarked on some 18 months ago would have faltered had it not been for the tireless dedication of our people pushing the business to do better notwithstanding constrained balance sheet and difficult market conditions . 
How much Ebitta did you guys actually see from those acquisitions in Q 4 , Im guessing it was negligible , but was it a couple of million bucks or what ? 
Our strategy for the last 18 months has been to maximize the efficiency of each business division in the group , while at the same time ensuring that each of those business divisions is capable of operating independently of headquarters . 
I will hand over to Scott who will take you through the Q 4 financials in more detail now . 
Solid CET 1 ratios with high quality with very small difference between debt phase - in and the fully loaded ratio . 
Perhaps we will see the fully loaded to go down by 40 50 basis points in the following quarters because of this reason . 
A 5 % growth rate on the year despite the negative market effect in recent quarters that has been very relevant . 
We 'll continue to bring clinical sites online and expect four to five other sites to be initiated during November . 
You see the dlts you have to expand out to six , and just your time frame just gets extended so much . 
Or is it due to the excipients , so typically we would expect it will take about two weeks in total ? 
For this reason , a number of AML patients during the screening process were not enrolled in the trial because of their advanced disease . 
So while the healthy volunteer study and some of the additional safety studies it requires have moved our ind filing . 
And what we 've said is they have to have a two - month life expectancy to get on to these levels . 
The protocol requires only one patient at each of the two lowest dose levels . 
And in parallel performing a healthy volunteer SAD study to identify a potential therapeutic dose for the acutely AML patients and then taking that potential therapeutic dose directly into AML patients . 
And the team of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center will present data in a separate poster ; these presentations will highlight several key findings . 
That would save us so much time in the AML trial because we 're not getting all the negative data from these very ill patients and the risk of having to expand out those dose levels there . 
Some of your findings from preclinical studies that give you confidence that 253 has a safe therapeutic window . 
And it 's because there 's a dependency upon the MYC for maintenance of the signaling pathways and viability . 
The decrease was driven primarily by lower sales to our alternative carrier wireless and cable tv customers . 
Now with that I would like to turn the presentation back over to Cheri for her insights into our operations for the fiscal quarter and yeartodate as well as our outlook and strategic initiatives for the remainder of fiscal 2017 and beyond Cheri . 
There has been a lot of excitement , speculation and even fear surrounding the arrival of 5 G and how it may impact our business . 
All right the next question is how are the certification programs moving forward and what has been the effect of the NEBS certification . 
For these reasons we encourage you to evaluate gross profit on an annual or trailing 12 th - month basis . 
It 's important to keep in mind that while Clearfield has established significant market share in the tier three markets during the first stage of our growth , the market opportunity in front of us as we enter stage two dwarfs , the success we have delivered to date . 
It 's really our intention to have the Mexican and us operations provide a primary and the secondary source for all of our parts , and that will provide us ultimate flexibility and scalability to each plant . 
Our last question is : Will we be providing guidance for fiscal year '18 revenue and profitability guidance is a difficult challenge , especially when you 're pursuing significant opportunities with new customers ? 
That said , because we report net interest margin on a tax - equivalent basis , our reported margin will decline six to seven basis points . 
My last one 's really around the shape of the yield curve , obviously the five and ten years backed up quite a bit . 
The opening of these new locations was offset by the announced closing of three of our legacy financial centres as we continue to optimize our financial centre footprint . 
What we needed to do was go out and recruit additional people to draw business in for us , and that 's exactly what we did ; we hired two additional producing sales managers in the fourth quarter . 
Our regulatory capital ratios on slide 11 are above the regulatory definition of well capitalized and our internal targets . 
But for the remaining quarters of 17 , I would expect it to revert back . 
So we 're excited to be with you today , we feel like we had a really successful first quarter included as you can see in some of the bullet points our earnings per share up 30 % over . 
Is resulting in expansion in our loan yields and net interest margins as Prime and Libor increase . 
Im not - is , I do n 't have great predictions of those three items each quarter just . 
They speak in my mind really well to that continued guidance of kind of 6 % to 8 % annualized growth despite the fact that the first quarter would argue for something higher than that and that may prove to be the case . 
Well , We 're Just Trying To - Incorporated : The branding of what used to be Commerce National Bank in the first merchants is two years old at this point and so . 
Primarily loans and primarily driven by Libor and Prime , but that allows us to really benefit as rates continue to rise . 
We 've really modeled our margin a couple of different ways with the continued rate hikes , and if the December one was the last one what did we expect ? 
We know we are in attractive marketplaces you might have noticed that Columbus and Indianapolis that we 've talked about for years in this thing are two of the markets that are Amazon client list , so there 's people other than first merchants executives that feel like . 
The margin expectations for the 12 basis points that we 'll lose in the calculation based on a lower tax rate . 
A Remarkably Different Tax Equivalent NIM in the First Quarter of 18 Versus the Fourth Quarter of 17 Right and Then Your Actual Margin . 
A little higher than our four - quarter average , I think we 're looking to try to increase that relationship which will drive . 
In Fosun we are making investment in operation in 30 countries . 
So we have outstanding people all over the world , we also attach importance to nurturing young people ; many post - 80 s people have become our global partners and . 
You to be able to integrate life work and also tourism in your daily life every day , so every day is a holiday foliday last year was listed . 
So one is our ecosystem and n means . 
To serve the one billion families in the world , we want to develop healthy , wealthy and happy ecosystem . 
At the end of 2018 there was impact from volatility in the capital markets . 
So with a deep enterprise we see a lot of opportunities for investment in the world and because we have the turnaround ability and we are working on two legs . 
For your interest in our happiness ecosystem , if you look at Foliday and Yuyuan , they are very important platforms and groups . 
So there will be products and services around these three areas and they will be driven by technology and innovation . 
We grew slightly above the first quarter almost 15 % and in the whole year the growth is almost 4 % in the first half of the year which can be . 
And I think that still affects the company , therefore what we see now is an environment where two of the main competitors or maybe two of your largest competitors have problems . 
And as Fred said , We do not comment on the mix and the amounts related to pis and cofins , we did n 't comment on that last year as well . 
And maybe some products may take up to 60 days to be delivered today and . 
In the same level of the first quarter of 2015 , which was slightly higher , but we see a positive trend now . 
A model whereby they are becoming more verticalized and they are investing in it platforms . 
Good morning everyone and thank you very much for joining us this morning in our conference call so I would like to start on page 2 where we . 
We speak about luizacred net income , we have two charts , one we show net income and the other chart shows operating income when you look at the operating . 
And I would also like to mention that there was an increase in the tax burden from 40 % to 45 % on this operating profit and . 
Our first priority is safely executing our work earlier this year ; we conducted a survey that benchmarked our safety results against more than 1000 other organizations . 
Although we set what I felt was a low bar of attaining historical job - to date productivity at the end of the second quarter , we experienced slightly lower productivity than historical performance in Q 3 and took an additional charge . 
Which provide for the full abatement of country property taxes for each phase 's first 10 years of operations . 
Some of the milestones that we have to achieve between now and FID are really starting to come into view . 
At both the Cameron LNG and Freeport LNG projects we were back up to full site staff levels within a couple of weeks after the hurricane and continue to make good progress . 
This is lower than planned due to several large awards pushing to the fourth quarter of this year and the first half of 2018 it 's important to note that we have not lost any significant projects . 
Our fabrication services business continues to deliver reliable underpinning work and really set the pace with an increase in new awards of more than 70 % versus the year - ago quarter . 
We announced a Catofin Technology License Award and plan to announce several more awards this quarter , including the Ethylene Technology Award in India that we announced just this morning . 
Although it 's still early to get too detailed , about 2018 awards let me highlight some of the more notable prospects where we are strongly positioned . 
I hope Ive given you a sense of the strong pipeline for 2018 awards in all the end markets we serve around the world . 
Even one lost time incident is too many and serves as a reminder that we must continue to improve our safety focus and culture to reach our goal of nobody nobody getting hurt . 
We scored better than 84 % of all participating companies , this is an excellent score when you take into account the quality of the other companies that we were benchmarked against . 
The shop is located on an island in the middle of the Neches River , which rose about 20 feet above normal . 
It was set two weeks ahead of schedule once complete ; the MEG project will be the largest ethylene glycol plant in the world . 
Definitely seeing more clarity and better progress on the milestones that are needed to get many of these large projects to FID and . 
Which resulted in that charge I think for IPL given that we 've achieved first fire . 
Over the next year we are really peaking out here at the end of 2000 and 17 , and we 'll be in a steady decline throughout '18 , so just in terms of the whole . 
All of these provide us with a solid foundation for the rest of this year and 2000 and 18 thank you for your time thank you for participating . 
By assuring you that we have made a great deal of progress on the key initiatives and decisive actions that I discussed on Last Quarter 's call , our intensive efforts remain squarely focused on five key priorities . 
In fact , we achieved first fire just today , which is a huge milestone for us and ipl , and we will now be focused on completing the commissioning over the next couple of months . 
Which is optimally located close to the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford Shale NextDecade is led by an experienced team with a proven track record of successful LNG project development and marketing . 
First , we 've reached a significant milestone of 32 million work hours without a lost time incident at the Cameron LNG project . 
More than 3000 employees took part in the survey , with the goal of benchmarking ourselves objectively against more than 1000 other companies and organizations . 
As you 'll recall that our net contract capital position had peaked in the second quarter as a result of the large Q 2 charges we took on the LNG projects . 
We exceeded expectations in Q 1 with significant improvements across all operational metrics just under 30000 ounces of production . 
So to say it differently , the LTS transaction was funding the purchase of RDM , which just happened to be that it did not coincide with the formal closing of the purchase of RDM and the formal closing of the purchase of the SEs of the completion of the LTS deal . 
Less so , for the Mexican peso they are stronger than what is in our budget , and for the Q 1 average , so we do anticipate that there will be some impact to our costs . 
Detailed engineering with a plan to be at 90 % level of detailed engineering or better before the end of the year . 
To increase the total resources and to start to develop a plan for development in 16 and 17 between these two years . 
Just with the throughput can you see that going up to the 60000 tons . 
Our net pension and Opeb liability on our balance sheet decreased . 
All of which involve a number of business risks and uncertainties and can change as conditions do please review the cautionary statements in our press release and on slide two of today 's presentation . 
The second quarter 2018 was the first full operational quarter following the renovations of our Reading Cinemas at Elizabeth in South Australia and Charlestown in New South Wales . 
These two events should continue to enhance our real estate revenues going forward . 
At the time of our original Cannon Park acquisition , Reading controlled over 80 % of the lot entitlements in the community title scheme via its ownership of 12 of the 13 lots . 
Referred to as New Lot 1 , subsequently reducing the shared ownership common title to a small slither between the new Master Lot 1 owned by Reading and the existing Lot 6 owned by Charter Hall . 
It 's clear that moviegoers are continuing to enjoy movies in a theatre environment , as opposed to TV or on another device , as long as theatre operators provide quality services and experiences . 
In late June 2018 we closed on a strategic acquisition related to Our Redyard Centre in Auburn , a suburb of Sydney . 
The remaining lot entitlements via its ownership of one lot were controlled by Charter Hall , who operates a pub on its lot in the Cannon Park city centre . 
Today we 're comfortable with our us circuit pricing , however that 's not to say we are n 't monitoring currently available subscription programs . 
Please note that our comments are necessarily summary in nature , and anything we say is qualified by the more detailed disclosure set forth in our form ten - q . 
Also , as we are in both the cinema and real estate businesses , we must naturally balance our capital commitments between these two sectors . 
Let 's turn to our leasing activities 44 Union Square is in the Midtown South office leasing market . 
Do programs like AMCs stubs a - list change the way that you look into future as it relates to raising price ? 
That mature in November and December 2000 and 19 we are working towards having replacement credit facilities in place . 
According to our leasing agents , the Midtown South office market had a strong quarter , with 2 . 7 million square feet being leased . 
Under development or construction that is not generating any Ebitda , which continues to be strong at slightly over two times coverage . 
We intend to be the leading asset servicer , asset manager and data inside provider to the owners and managers of the world 's capital ; this vision will be driven by five strategic priorities . 
Before I begin my review of our fourth quarter and 2018 results , Id like to take amoment on slide 5 to discuss notable items and how they impacted our financials . 
And we also had one previously disclosed client transition , which was worth about two percentage points year - on - year , which was offset by net new business and client activity . 
Finally , we saw a significant step - up in processing fees with the addition of CRD for the first time in our fourth quarter financials . 
We also intend to streamline three operational hubs and two joint ventures , as well as continue to drive towards common technology platforms and the retirement of legacy applications . 
We continue to distinguish ourselves in fx trading as well as how we 've effectively driven NII growth as we 've engaged with clients . 
Manner so the expenses for CRD will ramp during the year . 
Understand what market levels you 're kind of assuming I see that in the footnote you talked about 5 % growth from December levels . 
On page 6 we show our gaap results in the top two panels as well as our results ex the notable items I just described for those of you who want to see some of our underlying trends . 
How it manifests itself , in other words , I think you used the phrase this year , I mean this year is like two weeks old , so are we talking about each new contract that comes up as it comes up and . 
Where we saw the results and how those play through into ccar , so we had a good understanding of the kind of the . 
And have launched a new cost savings program that will continue through 2019 to reduce structural expenses while also enabling us to invest in the business appropriately . 
Such as markets such as client flows and things like that so therefore that 's why we need to redouble the efforts around there so in those periods like a 2018 that we do n 't see that thing kind of fall off . 
Year - over - year our revenue growth in the fourth quarter was driven by strong performance in net interest income and fx trading , as well as the contribution from the recently acquired Charles River development business . 
All of which have been partially offset by typical pricing headwinds of just under two percentage points annually . 
Ill start by summarizing our expenses on an underlying basis excluding notable items in Charles River and then discuss our efforts during 3 Q and 4 Q to keep our second half expenses flat to the first half on that basis . 
I would note that this operating environment is materially worse today than it was just 45 days ago when I presented at the Goldman Conference . 
Certainly well in excess of many of your GCIB peers , I was hoping you could speak to your capacity or appetite to maybe redeem some of those preferreds and how we could possibly think about the timing of redemptions and the associated savings . 
In July , the partnership also began construction of an additional gas processing plant to support growth in the stack shale play of Oklahoma . 
But as we look forward toward the end of the year or perhaps early in '18 , there is additional heavy production coming online the Fort Hills Project . 
Again , the primary responsibility of loop is to be an import facility and that 's extremely important for us in our refineries . 
The volumes in July down 2 % wondering how that would compare to the overall market just trying to get an assessment of . 
So while we see this opportunity what we want to do is , we want to work with loop to make sure that there is no conflict between . 
And we expect that to continue we have pretty good optics of where the crude market is going over the next 60 to 90 days . 
We remain confident in Mplx 's compelling value proposition to our investors . 
We believe the global and us macro picture remains solid and expect that good underlying economic growth will continue to support strong demand for our products . 
Moving on now to 2017 guidance , we are reconfirming our outlook in all principal components provided on our February 8 earnings call , which also included the two acquisitions completed in January . 
An expectation - 1 or a prior year of 15 . 2 % , so again we 're more or less in line with where we thought we would be . 
Average prices in this segment were consistent with the prior year net sales growth , as reported was offset by a 3 % currency translation impact . 
Reflecting initial pressure from raw material inflation in Q 2 , which would then be mitigated in the remaining quarters with pricing actions that we have initiated and will continue to implement in cooperation with our customers . 
The efficiency of the paid marketing spend and our control of operating expenses enables us to remain confident about our Ebitda expectations as the operating leverage shown by respective growth in revenue and expenses continues . 
As I mentioned , the strong underlying growth in unpaid GTV has enabled us to keep the average cost under control despite the natural transition to more paid links viamobile devices . 
I do need to remind investors that whilst we do not expect there to be significant variances , all financial figures in the 4 C and our presentation remain subject to half year audit review . 
Over the course of several months , the board had more than a dozen independent committee meetings plus seven full board meetings and conducted a thorough evaluation of proposals . 
We believe this plan will allow us to achieve the rule of 40 by 2020 we have entered into an agreement with Silver Lake . 
In Q 3 we continued to grow our user base , adding more than 1 million net users amounting to a total user base of more than 33 million subscribers . 
To be more services heavy in Q 4 , as we have historically experienced that many of our large enterprise clients finalize projects before year - end . 
Will grow at about the same rate or perhaps slightly faster on a year - over basis than it did in Q 3 therefore and consistent with last quarter . 
Today we are committing to a plan which we expect allows us to achieve the rule of 40 x 2020 with a combination of revenue growth and margin expansion . 
The third quarter saw the largest volume of Cornerstone HR wins in the company 's history . 
Which has driven and we expect will continue to drive faster and more efficient implementations also please know a large majority of Q 4 services revenue is expected to come from - s from our backlog of services . 
We believe a 6 % target is the best estimate as of today , but I did want to point out this nuance in our financial outlook . 
If you just think generally about any job , you can think of today five or ten years from now that job is going to be dramatically different because of technology and the skills you need to do that new job . 
As a result , we expect the annual improvement in sales and marketing as a percent of revenue to be even greater next year than it 's been over the last two years . 
Representing reported and constant currency growth of 13 % , we continued to see improvements in profitability . 
More than doubling the number of year - to - date Cornerstone HR wins among new European clients when compared to the first nine months of 2016 we believe Cornerstone HR will continue to drive growth . 
Before I begin with the quarterly financial review , Id like to highlight the expected near - term financial impacts of our go - forward plan that Adam just discussed the plan has two impacts : The first is on revenue . 
And the balance was the result of solid performance in EMEA and favorable currency . 
Requested by existing clients as compared to services related to new Q 4 client wins . 
So the primary focus we have now is on recurring revenue growth and so the best way to drive better CAC ratios . 
Improvement initiatives that are part of our Operational Excellence Program , including those related to order to cash automation and the Level 0 support . 
As Ive mentioned on previous calls , We Believe Japan represents a substantial market opportunity and that it would become a top five market for Cornerstone over time . 
Once we better understand the impacts of our go - forward services strategy , we 'll have clearer insight into 2018 revenue trends and will communicate that detail with you as soon as possible in the coming months . 
Through the first nine months of the year , services revenue has been lower than historical averages due to the timing of service delivery , which is often dictated by clients . 
The program is expected to be executed over the next two years , but is not specific as to when or how many shares will be purchased . 
Once we better understand the impacts of our go - forward services strategy , we 'll have a clear insight into 2018 revenue trends and will communicate that detail with you as soon as possible in the coming months . 
In the corporate world to start to monetize that in better way , and we 're doing that really for two different reasons . 
It helps shift to more recurring revenue and helps improve the CAC ratios at the same time we 're looking at a number of different approaches to cost containment . 
Clawing back and are getting closer to the 30 % going into the third quarter . 
We will repeat there is not a transformational acquisition around the corner ; in 17 it is more the bolt - on smaller type thing we have in the pipeline . 
We are going to build on our momentum to diversify our specialty pharmacy portfolio initially targeting oncology , rheumatoid arthritis and HIV and TIM will speak to the details in a few minutes . 
The offset - 12 this was offset by favourable trends in other therapies , which resulted in an overall negative script performance for the quarter adjusted for 90 - day scripts of negative 63 basis points . 
Now I want to talk about how we are going to achieve our growth objectives over the next three to five years . 
In 2017 we expect to incur additional expense related to consulting , employee insurance and software licenses and advertising . 
As I approach my first 100 days as the CEO of Fred 's pharmacy , it is important that I share with you the vision for the company that I have shared with the board . 
Posting a revenue improvement over the second quarter of 11 . 2 % as you have heard , the future of Fred 's pharmacy is centered squarely on healthcare and is driven by our retail and specialty pharmacies . 
Thank you , Mary Lou , let me provide a summary of our go - forward growth strategy , the three key components of our strategy revolve around optimizing our entire portfolio . 
Our capital management included payment of a special dividend and resumption of quarterly dividends in the first quarter of 2016 ; this resulted in a decrease in retained earnings which caused our book value per share to decrease . 
The overall picture for revenue is one of growth from underlying operations complemented by our recent acquisitions and partially offset by fx translation . 
Our dividend is a key measure of our returns to shareholders ; today we 've announced an interim dividend of 4 p consistent with our progressive dividend policy . 
Margins have improved across the group as a whole by 50 basis points , the largest single improvement of which has been in plastics where the benefit of the restructuring that we 've been undertaking for the last 18 months is showing benefit . 
There 's nobody that comes near our coverage having so many parts of Europe there is nobody else , we said six months ago the opportunities were there . 
This increase was primarily driven by the negative impact of foreign exchange rates ; the 80 - basis point rate decrease was primarily driven by sales leverage . 
Our Q 4 guidance reflects a number of factors first as we discussed on Last Quarter 's call : We made strategic decisions to proactively make additional investments in the back half of the year to continue to drive the Best Buy 2020 strategy forward . 
Obviously , when you 're thinking about how much of your expandable income you 're going to spend on ce , we are quite thoughtful about that share of wallet question , particularly over the holidays when people often go in with a budget and . 
Today 's release and conference call both contain non - gaap financial measures that exclude the impact of certain business events . 
And our communities , including organizing the delivery of Much - needed supplies to our associates in Puerto Rico where we have three stores and a distribution center within a few days of the devastation . 
We are raising our Q 4 outlook versus what was implied in the annual expectations provided on our last earnings call . 
Not only in the fourth quarter , but as we look out to next year , we 're getting a lot of noise from people that it 's becoming a pretty big problem wanted to get your take on that so those two things . 
On top of that you asked a little bit about labor expenses , one of the investments we have actually called out over almost the last two years is continued investments in specialty labor . 
I think you 're right in that definitely , especially if you look at the trends over the last five ten years , you can see the holiday pulling earlier and earlier . 
The Q 4 has not played like the earlier quarters of the year and so we 're trying to take some of that knowledge we 've gained into account as we think about where we believe the fourth quarter 's going to go in terms of the revenue profile . 
But should not be considered superior to as a substitute for and should be read in conjunction with the GAAP financial measures for the period . 
To complement all of this , we 've added an incremental 1500 dedicated smart home store employees to make sure that when you come to shop with us , we 'll do a great job identifying what smart home solution would work best for you . 
These increases were partially offset by the flow - through of cost reductions ; the 40 - basis point rate decrease was driven by sales leverage . 
Of lower profit share revenue than we received last Q 4 third , our fourth quarter and full year performance is expected to drive higher incentive compensation expenses in the fourth quarter than last year 's fourth quarter . 
And then , of course , the volume depends on our capability depends on customers , but it is a very , very important program for ST and we are very encouraged . 
In the sensors there are three blocks of technologies where we have , I believe , a unique technology leadership . 
How are they trending across your various product groups right now and if you have seen any further extensions with the course of Q 3 or are they coming back secondly with respect to ? 
This is an important element of AMGs diversification strategy in sensors and our ability to build highly accurate sensors . 
And we know also that on smart power technologies with time it is important to go to 12 s inch . 
Revision of the sales assumptions in the second half of 17 : Any reason for that changing I know recently , you talked about few tens of millions in the back half and . 
This call will include forward - looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause St 's results to differ materially from management 's expectations and plans . 
More than three times faster than the average semiconductor content in cars . 
Therefore , we anticipate fourth quarter revenues to increase about 10 % at the midpoint on a sequential basis . 
So far away , or if I consider like your largest competitor , Infineon in the power space going to 300 th millimeter getting scale and scope . 
Good progress against the Canadian Bank 's multiyear target of one million new primary customers , Tangerine , also performed strongly during the year . 
Financial transactions completed by mobile devices have grown 75 % over the past two years and is now the most popular financial transaction channel for our customers . 
You should expect us , I would say to be a top three participant in this industry overall . 
We 've operated there for over nine years , we 're very comfortable operating in the DR and we look forward to growing our business there . 
We continue to see improvement across our three primary digital metrics since we launched our strategy over two years ago . 
In fact , we think about integration as a key theme for the bank in 2000 and 19 , this will be critical to unlocking the full revenue and earnings potential of the acquisitions . 
And we have n 't talked very much about Tangerine 's credit card , but its balances are up 31 % for the whole year so . 
It is harder to see with the acquisition and the disposition activity over the past year with MD Jarislowsky Fraser . 
International banking delivered very strong earnings growth of 16 % , with particularly strong results in our Pacific Alliance countries . 
Digital adoption increased by 7 % , which continues to accelerate with good growth in all regions . 
My comments which follow are on an adjusted and constant currency basis Q 4 results reflected strong asset and deposit growth in the Pacific Alliance . 
Ill now turn to the other segment on Slide 14 , which incorporates the results of group treasury , smaller operating units , and certain corporate adjustments . 
I think the exact number is over the course of last five years , we 've exited 22 geographies or businesses that we viewed as non - core . 
The merger took place : Let me give you just a few examples of the progress ; the first three levels of the organization have been integrated into one management team that is fully focused . 
Our sales performance was indicative of the continued improvement in our us automotive business and the steady growth we continue to generate in our Australasian and Canadian operations . 
These stores are outperforming and driving stronger retail sales growth than in our independents , so as we look ahead to the multiyear implementation of this initiative in our independent Napa stores . 
Although we do expect this to be greater than 1 % again in the second quarter , which is similar to the first quarter . 
Our total sales and earnings were in line with our plan : Our teams produced positive sales comps in each of our business segments ; we experienced the continued strengthening of our us automotive business . 
Finally , our outlook accounts for one additional selling day in the third quarter relative to 2018 to make up for the one less selling day in the first quarter this year . 
The company 's actual results could differ materially from any forward - looking statements due to several important factors described in the company 's latest SEC filings , including this morning 's press release . 
Now let 's discuss our current outlook for 2019 , we are reaffirming our full year 2019 sales and earnings guidance established in February . 
For Australasia , flatainment for us , and as we mentioned with kind of a loss of leverage for Europe , that 's where we really saw the pressure in our automotive margins . 
So this 1 % comp decline and knowing that we really ca n 't leverage on that and look our teams have got plans in place to address that over the balance of the year . 
This new business is an excellent strategic fit for AAG and we 're excited for the opportunities we see in the Netherlands and Belgium . 
Paul : Ill turn it back over to you thanks Carol , we entered 2019 excited for the opportunity to build on the positive momentum generated last year . 
A brand new Acuramodel named the CDX was launched in China in July . 
Please turn to slide 18 with respect to profit before income taxes for the fiscal first half . 
This is a decrease of 90000 units compared to our previous forecast and reflects the fact that difficult market environments persist in Asia , especially China and South America . 
Which ended on September 32016 through this audio presentation , we would like to review the financial results and highlight the major factors that influenced Honda 's business operations during the period . 
The models proved to be a big hit , with accumulated orders totaling 27000 units in the first month following the launch . 
On October 5 , it was announced that Honda and Yamaha Motor Company Limited have begun discussions toward a possible business alliance in the Japanese market in the Class 1 category . 
The operating income level , the negative effect of the yen versus us dollar exchange rate , was further exacerbated by the negative impact of currency effects of the yen versus a number of Asian country currencies . 
An increase of 16 . 6 % compared to the same period a year earlier , this increase was primarily due to an increase in unit sales in China . 
As a result of numerous factors including general economic conditions in Honda 's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and us dollar . 
Please turn to slide 9 for information on the dividend . 
This remains unchanged from our previous forecast please turn to slide 30 with respect to consolidated unit sales . 
Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our most recent SEC filed quarterly or annual reports under management 's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation . 
For the third quarter of 2018 , including the impact of the AMPS transaction I mentioned earlier , we reported a net loss attributable to common stockholders . 
The Commonwealth Cofina settlement would entitle Cofina to a portion of the pledged sales tax base amount on a first dollar basis . 
This consideration package consists of new Cofina bonds and cash paid by Cofina under the Cofina plan . 
And strengthening our balance sheet both through the AMPS transaction as well as additional principal paydowns on the secured notes issued as part of the holistic restructuring transaction that closed earlier this year . 
The Cofina restructuring further provides for the Cofina portion of the sales tax revenues to be held in segregated accounts includes a nonimpairment covenant as well as other strong protections . 
Final terms of the COFINA plan of adjustment and related documentation remain subject to change and court approval and local legislative action ; a confirmation hearing is scheduled to be heard during the first quarter next year . 
In addition to the AMPS transaction , our third quarter results reflect relative to the second quarter lower investment income and lower realized investment gains . 
Second , in August we completed the exchange offer for our auction market preferred shares or amps , which we discussed in detail during our last earnings call . 
While we are closing in on - kilometre in 60 % committed in Opps Fund XA and have several deals in the works that could take us above that number . 
And remain a rare occurrence , not least because QE is supporting credit fundamentals and providing cheap funding to the region 's banks . 
Right around 10 % maybe just a hair over 10 % on a full year basis , so we wo n 't start that way at the beginning of the year and we 'll kind of ramp our way to it , so I do n 't . 
So certainly it would look to us by 'eighteen , we should begin to recover some of what we 're talking about here right ok , that 's helpful . 
We basically took out nearly one billion of capacity already and what we said is the rest will come out of the collection of our system and so we are working at that all the time and trying to get that out of the system so that is our intention is to get the bulk of that out . 
Specific customers we do that because we have all the IP and hardware needed . 
Of a business that meets that definition and frankly would it be possible for a NAND flash business to qualify as a franchise under your definition . 
I just want to understand how much advantage you 'll still have in baw , remember my definition of a sustainable franchise we do n 't stop investing . 
As we near the 17 month in our ownership of Calvert , we feel good about what we 've accomplished and even better about the opportunities ahead of us . 
And the expiration of the company 's option to acquire an additional 26 % ownership interest . 
Despite the volatility , this business contributes to our quarterly flow reporting and fee rates averaging only five basis points annually ; we continue to view exposure management as a core offering with solid profitability and good growth prospects . 
Based on results for the first three weeks of May and visible pipeline , we expect positive active strategy flows to continue in the third quarter . 
In three or four categories , one that would be consistent with things that we 've done in the past . 
For the full year 2017 , the highlight to me was the great revenue balance across end markets , geographies and product lines , resulting in consistent sales performance and double - digit earnings per share growth in each quarter of the year . 
Also in the region , India rebounded nicely in Q 4 as we successfully worked through disruption caused in the third quarter due to the implementation of the new GST system . 
Europe continued to be a strong contributor , with fourth quarter sales growing 7 % highlighted by Broad - based growth across the region from our pharmaceutical and medical research customers . 
Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 8 % looking at our growth rates in the fourth quarter geographically and before currency translation . 
Accounts receivable days sales outstanding stood at 71 days this quarter , which is even with the third quarter and flat from the fourth quarter of last year . 
That there was caution on the part of a lot of us companies , particularly in pharma and some of the industrial businesses , really weighting some of the regulation and policy and tax changes that came later in the year . 
Such as those outlined in our schedule titled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted non - GAAP financials . 
During today 's call , I will provide an overview of our Q 4 and full year 2017 operating results , as well as some broader commentary on our current business environment . 
We saw European strength in small molecule applications and continued performance in biopharm applications , where we are well positioned with our targeted LCs and biopharmaceutical separation solutions . 
Sherry will then review financial details for our reported results and provide our 2018 financial outlook we will then open up the phone lines to take your questions . 
We also saw strong service revenue from our large and growing base of installed systems for the year ; Europe grew 8 % delivering strong and steady results throughout the year . 
Came in at 80 . 4 million shares or approximately 1 million shares lower than in the fourth quarter last year . 
Looking ahead to 2018 , our outlook generally assumes continued stable demand from our pharmaceutical and industrial end markets . 
For the full year we delivered a solid 5 % growth in our industrial category and saw growth across all of our key geographies and major product lines . 
We were encouraged by the pickup in spending from midsize and large us pharmaceutical customers who had been more cautious earlier in the year . 
Now , with tax - efficient access to our significant global free cash flow , we see great opportunity in all three of these areas . 
By about 2 % , other key assumptions for Q 1 include amoderate increase in expenses . 
Our local network broadcast content is an integral component at even the most basic tiers of service , as well as all the virtual MVPD packages as a result . 
Gubernatorial elections will be the same obviously as four years ago in terms of the numbers , but it 's a competitive footprint in some of our big markets currently we have seven competitive seats . 
As Dave mentioned , political advertising in the second quarter was a record for the quarter and came in substantially higher compared to both 2016 and 2014 , now moving to our third quarter revenue outlook . 
As a result , we 're continuing to intentionally reinvest profits back into the business to drive revenue growth and to capitalize on our opportunities in the local and regional OTT ad space . 
Like your ability - is you still have an ability to grow your net retrans between now and 2020 , we do we do . 
Now Moving to Premion : A Great Tegna Success Story of Innovation and Organic Growth . 
Partially offset by advisory fees and integration costs from earlier transactions and funding of the Tegna Foundation . 
Excluding the impact of terminated digital marketing services and incremental political advertising , total revenue was up 5 % over the second quarter of last year . 
From Belo to the London broadcast stations to KFMB in San Diego , we have consistently demonstrated our ability to meet and beat these hurdles . 
Going to slide 16 data from the IMF shows further evidence of the global economic expansion as all major economies are growing simultaneously . 
And Id like to remind that we have 50 % of our land that we need to develop . 
Turning to slide 15 with all the major economies around the world growing . 
The One Belt One Road project is a cornerstone of the Chinese economic plans for the next five years and supports steel and power demand inside and outside China . 
And even with the expansion of the crushing all the way through to the very end of December , there was sugarcane left in the fields that ended up being processed in March 2000 and 16 , which is the last month of the crop year . 
This is the seventh straight year where we have accomplished our goals and delivered on the consolidated Ebitda guidance once again providing . 
And enables the company to deliver innovative and differentiated solutions WNs will continue to align our talent initiatives . 
While constant currency revenue grew 11 % after adjusting for the impacts of exchange and hedging growth was entirely organic . 
Given the market opportunity for BPM in fiscal 2000 and 17 and beyond , WNS must continue to invest in our business in order to meet the changing needs of our clients . 
Representing top line growth of 4 % to 10 % excluding the impacts of currency and hedging guidance reflects constant currency revenue growth . 
When they look at our revenue per employee metric and then how that 's tracking over time is the impact of currency , so if you look at our average headcount in fiscal '16 we had a little over 30000 people . 
Preparing for the possible Uk vote leaving the euro or have you just sort of maintained the old strategy ? 
Moving processes for the first time tend to do so on an fte basis that allows us to provide . 
Signal of the fact that we are bringing in a number of first - time outsourcers into wns and as you know many of them when they start off . 
Which is a little bit above 11 % , I think the things that help us get to the higher end of guidance are faster ramps of the projects that we have visibility to today and acceleration in the new business . 
This is one of the largest and most comprehensive insurance analytics deals in the BPM history - kilometre BPM industry pardon ME and a true testament to our deep domain capabilities . 
And launched several new hiring and training initiatives designed to ensure wns resources are prepared . 
Start off on this basis and thereafter move to other models , but it gives WNS a sixi to eight 's year run . 
What you would see in fiscal '16 is that our revenue per employee actually grew 1 1 / 2 % , so I think when you look at this metric and you look at how it 's been trending over time we 've been proving revenue per employee . 
Creating intelligent engagements focused on business outcomes and investing in digital solutions , WNS also received further validation of our capabilities in this sub - vertical . 
I would now like to provide you with a brief financial summary for fiscal 2016 before we turn our attention to the coming year . 
Into transaction and outcome - based models , so it does tend to work very well , I think what you 're seeing in terms of the growth in fte for wns similar to the growth that we 've seen in our customer interaction services . 
We have quite a few participants in the call today , so that 's why I would ask you to limit your questions to two in order to give as many people as possible the chance to ask questions thanks very much in advance for that . 
Much of our focus over the last two years has been on our domestic operations which saw the brunt of the demand drop , but we feel that this activity has stabilized . 
Thank you stan and good morning everyone welcome to our fiscal 2018 first quarter conference call as usual we will begin with a short summary statement and then Jeff and I will be happy to take your questions . 
How much we improve in fiscal 2018 will depend on the collective efforts of our internal operations coupled with our supply chain . 
Sustainable alliances that generate value for the company and for the OTT players . 
Now we invite you to a quick review of our vision and strategy , please refer to slide 7 where we want to share with you how we are transforming the company . 
3 The net interest margin to expand modestly as we benefit from rising short - term rates and our asset sensitivity position , especially now that the Wall Street Journal prime rate and the WSFS prime rate are aligned . 
Of total assets would not be unusual , we 're above that right now because of that shared national credit at 88 basis points , but that 's still kind of in line with peer medians and means . 
Especially the growth in the equity markets over the last three months has really helped them to fuel our growth . 
